Mr. Alier's book was about such agreements and the failure to implement them.
Freedom from Hunger has trained local organizations to implement the malaria initiative as part of the Credit with Education program.
In numerical analysis, different decompositions are used to implement efficient matrix algorithms.
The SunHammer proved to be the implement of the Trow's destruction.
VESA, which created the DisplayPort standard, states the standard is royalty free to implement.
He advocated the use of electoral politics to implement reforms and thus gradually build a collectivist society.
Eder tried to implement science methods into the development of photographic processes.
The chapter concludes with an outline of the challenges presented by attempts to implement a reading machine for the blind.
In 1957, Congress passed the Civil Rights Act of 1957 to implement the Fifteenth Amendment.
Lately, he aims to implement knowledge about human learning in educational settings.
Tasklets implement the backend processing of a job and Weblets implement the optional GUI customization for a job.
The district uses the funding to implement Research-Based Improvement Strategies for the 7th year.
Aloha Editor tries to implement its functionality respecting the HTML5 Specification Draft.
They also work with schools in the US and around the world, to help teachers implement the lesson plans.
After the review of the information, the district was not required to implement the recommended cost savings changes.
It changed its name to the Moline Implement Company to reflect this.
There are several software implementations of additional protocols that essentially implement a polling or token passing strategy.
Ukrainian troops suffered losses on a daily basis, and the ceasefire was labelled "unworkable" and "impossible to implement".
Common uses include water, sewage, petroleum and petrochemical pumping; a centrifugal fan is commonly used to implement a vacuum cleaner.
To implement the system, the army contracted Bell Laboratories and they developed a system called SIGSALY.
He found employment with Robinson Bros., implement makers of Melbourne.
Congress mandated that the National Institutes of Health implement the CHIMP Act.
Editors that implement folding without programing-specific features are usually called outliners (see below).
Super Mario 64 was one of the first games to implement the system.
He urged FEMA to implement the reforms at a quicker pace.
The most commonly encountered public-key infrastructure (PKI) schemes are those used to implement https on the world-wide web.
An application can implement synchronized distributed rendering using 802.1AS and higher layers.
Harris was committed to implement the CSR platform almost in its entirety.
To implement the measure Ottbergen station had to be rebuilt with a storage track and track connections.
Their last video featured the gang saying: "We are coming to implement Islam upon your own necks.
This agency has drafted Energy Efficiency legislative frameworks aiming to implement the best EU practices.
There are also recognitions for schools, principals, teachers, and volunteers who successfully implement the programs.
Speargun A speargun is an underwater fishing implement designed to fire a spear at fish.
General George S. Patton called it "the greatest implement of battle ever devised."
Greek authorities decided to implement a 1999 law which stipulates that all brothels must have permits.
Similar effects are easily implement on modern GPUs in pixel shaders.
The design goals for Ubiquity 0.5 focus on making it easier to experiment with new User Interfaces and implement security.
Early test generation algorithms such as boolean difference and literal proposition were not practical to implement on a computer.
Consumerium is an open campaign to implement moral purchasing.
Unlike ObsTCP, tcpcrypt also provides primitives down to the application to implement authentication and prevent man-in-the-middle attacks.
The CRCHD will implement this plan through training and educating individuals of communities where a cancer disparity is prevalent.
An obstetrical implement known as a pince de Bar (an umbilical cord clamp) is named after him.
Deutsche Bahn announced plans to implement this recommendation as soon as funding was secured for such a tunnel.
This required the monks to return to their normal lives and government and its officials to implement its promises.
They wanted to retard British settlement and buy time for France to implement its Acadian resettlement scheme.
States may implement their own NICS programs.
The overall goal is to develop and implement interactive programs to aid in the mission of saving lives.
In Linux, there is a project that attempts to implement LOMAC policy.
Synthavision was one of the first systems to implement a ray-tracing algorithmic approach to hidden surface removal in rendering images.
In December 1994, the Ministry of Environment was given greater authority to establish and implement its own policies.
Congress is still considering legislation that would implement something similar to the Broadcast Flag.
To implement all cash schemes, government will allocate RM4.6 billion which is expected to benefit 7.9 million recipients.
Working in partnership with state and local government to develop and implement public policies.
Elimination is most effective early in the design process, when it may be inexpensive and simple to implement.
Foundation is modular and consists essentially of a series of Sass stylesheets that implement the various components of the toolkit.
Prior to the election, the PQ renounced its intention to implement sovereignty-association if it won power.
They had to make governments see them as legitimate citizens with knowledge and capacities to implement solutions.
Knives are also used as a traditional or religious implement, such as the kirpan.
It also requires each signatory state to implement certain procedural mechanisms within their laws.
Constraints imposed on the tasks and resources required to implement them are essential for executing the tasks mentioned.
Instead, they implement hysteresis, allowing for a small amount of movement between the two clicks.
Teacher's CD-ROM: This material was meant to help teachers to plan and implement effective teaching of the Science and Mathematics.
The 446th was the first reserve organization to implement this program.
With Bertelli alongside her as business manager, Miuccia was allowed time to implement her creativity in the company's designs.
However, it does also implement an intent log to provide better performance when synchronous writes are requested.
Should Denmark decide not to implement any change to the Regulation or its successor, then the Agreement ends automatically.
In 1983, North Charleston became the first city in South Carolina to implement a computer-aided dispatch system.
Farm Implement and Machinery Review, Volume 80, Part 2 (Obituaries).
In this order, the Commission directed Bell Canada to implement the 10-digit local dialing plan.
Developers can implement the core files and extend its functionality by adding new plug-in modules provided by other developers.
We resolve to reform this system in order to implement a more natural society.
The first SLR to implement trap focusing was the Yashica 230 AF.
The implement is thrown using one hand only, but otherwise using any technique.
Today more than fifty countries around the world are implementing of planning to implement water accounts.
Several dynamic languages, such as Perl, Python, JavaScript, Lua, and Ruby, use hash tables to implement objects.
Unlike most other contemporary clubs, Albion had yet to implement the modern role of coach or manager.
CDCL SAT solvers implement DPLL, but can learn new clauses and backtrack non-chronologically.
ScaleBase was a company that sold software to implement distributed MySQL databases for cloud computing.
But then it will only be able to implement its duties for no more than 60 days.
Clippinger consulted with von Neumann on what instruction set to implement.
Brazil hopes to implement modern Smart Grid technology to reduce these losses.
Sub-section (1) allows The Crown to implement United Nations Security Council Resolutions without the official approval of Parliament.
Chinese censors additionally asked for Zhang to implement substantive changes to the film's story, most notably adding a happy ending.
To organise and implement exchange controls, in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Abkhazia.
The concept to implement it through the album cover was headed by the video's director, Paul Feeder.
Bishop O'Hara worked hard to implement CCD throughout his diocese, and the United States.
Languages that implement data abstraction include Ada and Modula-2.
To overcome the limitations, the PlayStation version had to implement a new gameplay mode called Cross Over.
President Maduro rejected the Catholic Church's response saying that they were trying to implement a "new Inquisition".
The Government of India decided to implement the first part of the EPC recommendations in 1957.
The man was later revealed to be a completely unreliable drug addict.
In 2015, American actress Jenna Elfman presented American Addict with an Award for Social Activism.
When he was six years old his father died and later his brother became a drug addict and also died.
At a meeting about cravings, she meets fellow addict Lucy (Caridad de la Luz), and befriends her.
In her 2013 memoirs, Brown admitted that she was a cocaine and methamphetamine addict for a decade.
In the first season, he has a one-night stand with Gina Russo, a recovering sex addict.
Bhavani is not interested, and he becomes a drug-addict.
He is also a heroin addict, and has overdosed at least once.
Their relationship was awkward because for the first few years of her life, he was a cocaine addict.
Danneel Harris returned to portray Rachel Gatina, who is now a drug addict.
Bree warms up to her AA sponsor Peter who in addition to being an alcoholic is a sex addict.
The film stars Alexandre Landry as Alex, a male hustler and drug addict in Montreal.
She want to leave him but she is afraid to stay alone, so she becomes drug addict.
The film concerns a tattered relationship between Sarah, a drug addict, and her young son, Jeremiah.
Now an addict, Eddie loses his job.
Hunt's mother was a drug addict and he was mostly raised by his grandmother.
Baudelaire analyzes the motivation of the addict, and the individual psychedelic experience of the user.
In 2003, she met her friend, fellow music addict Yoshiaki Dewa.
Justine's twin, Joshua, was admitted to the program because he was an addict.
After initial disagreements, Alex reveals to Izzie that his father was a heroin addict who used to beat his mother.
The Doctor is accompanied on this task by Rigg's co-pilot, Secker, who, it becomes apparent, is a drug addict.
She's a former drug addict and prostitute, which has a negative impact on Jay.
Thompson commented on his storyline, saying: "I had a friend whose daughter was a drug addict.
She becomes caretaker to her mother, who is revealed as a morphine addict.
He was the interventionist for Jason, a heroin addict, in episode 123, and became a regular interventionist in Season 10.
Nick convinces Jim and Ves to meet Danny, a heroin addict.
In November 2011, Michie revealed that Karl would become a gambling addict in an upcoming storyline.
Drug addict, she helped Temple Gault murder Lamont Brown.
Rock musician Brian Head Welch references experiencing the spins during his time as an alcoholic and drug addict.
At the age of 27, he killed former boxer, quarter tough guy, and fellow cocaine addict Giancarlo Ricci.
Early in 1977, he met Nancy Spungen, an emotionally disturbed drug addict and sometime prostitute from New York.
Her son (Becca's brother, Arthur), a heroin addict, hanged himself at the age of 30.
As a result, she has subsequently been described as 'feeling like a "love addict" enslaved to obsessive-compulsive patterns of behaviour'.
It features the "swans" as being heroin addict prostitutes who are kept in place by Rothbart, their pimp.
When creating the three circles diagram, the addict draws three concentric circles, one inside the other (like a bull's eye).
She said the first time he did so he was nauseated and took cocaine to cope, becoming an addict.
The character had previously appeared in the fourth season episode "Model Misbehavior" as a "cookie addict".
He starred as Adam, a young heroin addict released from prison and sent directly to rehab.
Frank Dillane as Nick Clark, Madison's 19-year-old son, a heroin addict who flunked out of community college.
Additionally, enrolling an addict in a drug court program costs much less than incarcerating one in prison.
Adan is a recovering alcoholic, junkie and sex addict.
one espresso addict in the family is expensive enough, she warns Clayton.
Going outside and interacting with others can be very rewarding to the computer addict.
Hall of Mirrors concerns a young, desperate gambling addict who is plummeted into financial ruin.
Bab is usually referred by the rest of the community as a bad example and an occasional drug addict.
Cpl Abraham Lincoln is a combat medic and a drug addict.
Payne was a chorus girl or actress and a drug addict living in Maple Street, near Tottenham Court Road.
Tsamere's favourite television programme is the Belgian documentary series Strip-Tease, and he describes himself as "a real TV addict".
His checkered past led TIME magazine to describe him as"an ex-illustrator, ex-cartoonist, ex-adman, ex-editor, ex-playwright, ex-dope addict.
She followed Donny, her gambling-addict boyfriend, to Vietnam with a show tour team.
Chris soon discovered Guy was a drug addict.
Her dissertation, Aspects of Street Addict Life, was published that year.
That said, Marais was a long-term morphine addict and suffered from melancholy, insomnia, depression and feelings of isolation.
To be a male drug addict and to act like that is always enhancing and glamorising.
Stinson, a long-term alcoholic and drug addict, died on February 18, 1995.
He's done things that no other psychologist has done in treating the psychotic and the drug addict.
His daughter is a drug addict who refuses his help regularly.
In a 2016 interview, he said, "I'm not a porn addict, though I believe the addiction is real.
According to media reports, Samast is a high school dropout and a possible drug addict.
They use drug addict Ivan "Fishhead" Lewis for information.
One day at the methadone clinic, he sees an elderly drug addict priest named Tom (William S. Burroughs).
Discounting Curatolo's testimony as self-contradictory, the judges observed that he was a heroin addict.
Catherwood played Joe his daughter (Cordellia), an ex-heroin addict.
Greer later discovers his wife Margaret, a surrogate-addict, has committed suicide because her attractive-looking surrogate was disabled.
His next door neighbor is Anna (Nathalia Kaur), a drug addict and bar dancer.
He stated his "proof" is that there is not "one single Zionist who is an addict."
Orgasm Addict was released as the Buzzcocks' debut single on 4 November 1977.
It revolves around heroin addict, Ethan Inglebrink, whose life is centered on his garden and his group of eccentric friends.
Harding suggests that the nurse could threaten to expose him as a drug addict if he stood up to her.
His father was a heroin addict, and Odom's mother died of colon cancer when he was twelve years old.
Isaac Mendez is a painter and heroin addict in New York City.
He also becomes a heroin addict due to the recurring back pain.
There she meets another Australian woman, Mandy Engels (Joy Smithers), a heroin addict also imprisoned for drug trafficking.
Colleen was captured by Emil Vachon, however, who turned her into a heroin addict.
Casey starred in a buddy cop comedy feature film, titled CarrMell Sunday, as Detective Chris Mell, a gambling addict.
In 1986, he was shot in the arm during a shootout with an addict who had taken hostages.
Teresa Gomez, a crack-cocaine addict who has since died, claimed to have seen several unrelated murders.
Archer is hired by drug addict Carl Hallman to investigate the deaths of his wealthy and influential parents.
Clarence Mumford is a Robitussin addict living with his parents.
Saw VI later showed that another drug addict, Amanda Young, also had an unintentional role in the death of Gideon.
In 1995, Hoffman started performing with her high school classmate Ben Lee's pop/punk band Noise Addict as a 15-year-old guitarist.
He does not respect his late father, who was a drug addict.
The later novels explain he also becomes a heroin addict around this time.
She also was seen in The Closer as Cody Tatem, a girl whose mother, a drug addict, possibly committed suicide.
Some people even assume that the German girl is not able to cook anything, being a restaurant addict.
Of the two, Alfredo (aka 'Freddie') was a cocaine addict and Gustavo, a pilot, was loathed for being homosexual.
He is a very good example of a videogame addict.
He had been an occasional drug addict; now, to make up for lost income, he took to selling drugs.
William Banks is a recovering drug addict who lives in Los Angeles, California.
Inspections revealed that 65 homes sustained major or severe damage and 125 homes experienced mild to moderate damage.
Annual precipitation is 831 millimeters (32.7 in) with moderate rainfall throughout the year.
The Moderate Youth League is more libertarian-leaning and more radical than the mother party.
Paul dropped moderate rainfall across mainland Mexico, including a 24-hour total of 2.28 inches (58 mm) in Mazatlan, Sinaloa.
The waters were very warm, and there was only moderate wind shear.
The charismatic moderate nationalist clashed with Joseph Stalin's close associate Sergo Ordzhonikidze, who led the Communist Party in Transcaucasia.
The clinical presentation varies depending on the stage of the disease from mild swelling to severe swelling and moderate deformity.
The five pairs of gill slits are of moderate length.
Corner reflectors have moderate gain of 10-15 dB, high front-to-back ratio of 20-30 dB, and wide bandwidth.
In the first three months of the year, the number of tornadoes and tornado outbreaks were low to moderate.
The fund aimed to preserve or create 4,300 units of low- and moderate-income housing by 2009.
Its calculated relief is 1.45-1.461, which is moderate.
This scale indicates the 'impact' of the film: "low", "mild", "moderate" or "strong".
There are sixteen Realistic Missions which attempt to mimic real, moderate to difficult hacking, in real life situations.
In 2013 the party merged with Non-aligned Coalition to become Moderate Coalition for Aland and Ehn as its leader.
Most benefits occur with at least 60 minutes (1 hour) or more daily of moderate- or vigorous-intensity aerobic physical activity.
Ose served in Congress from 1999 to 2005, during which time he gained a reputation as a moderate Republican.
Common beans in moderate temperature regions are victims of halo blights.
Both were popular issues with conservatives, and Bush, largely a moderate, began courting them through his work.
And even the more moderate chiropractors have ideas above their station.
Agricultural airplanes are typically certificated in the normal category at a moderate weight.
Mariana is wild while her elder sister is moderate and take great interest in her education and career.
In 2014, she released her sixth album The Truth to critical acclaim and moderate sales.
In 1992, he challenged six-term Congresswoman Marge Roukema, a moderate, in the Republican primary.
He was also capable of appealing to both sides of an issue by maintaining a moderate record.
In contrast, organisms that live in more moderate environments may be termed mesophiles or neutrophiles.
When the venom was injected into animals, the subjects showed immediate signs of moderate irritation, with some hyperactivity and scratching.
Heimito von Doderer spent most of his life in Vienna, where he attended the gymnasium school with moderate success.
Duncan corals also require a low to moderate current to bring them food such as phytoplankton or zooplankton naturally.
Located in an area of weak to moderate wind shear, the convection gradually organized while developing outflow.
As a tropical cyclone, Javier produce moderate rainfall peaking at 3.14 in (80 mm) in Bacanuchi, Mexico.
It has had moderate success on the Irish Singles Chart, peaking at 11 so far.
By the time the thunderstorms started developing, CAPE values were 2000 J/kg, indicating moderate atmospheric instability.
It had moderate commercial success, and had sold a moderate amount of books.
The wharf sustained moderate damage during the January 2011 Brisbane floods.
The mine has the form of a moderate, oblong, semi-transparent, tentiform mine on the underside of the leaf.
It is able to withstand drought and moderate frost.
However, a moderate overdose will be excreted through the kidneys, unless one suffers from serious kidney problems.
Moderate and tolerant attitudes are generally reflected by Catholics and moderate Protestants.
Murray provoked a revitalization plan to help create more affordable housing for low and moderate income citizens.
Their candidate for Prime Minister was the Moderate Party leader, Fredrik Reinfeldt.
As a result, moderate Labour Party members and unionists left the association.
In addition, moderate deficiency of thiamine may increase rates of depression, dementia, falls, and fractures in old age.
In 1961, Jennings signed a recording contract with Trend Records, and experienced moderate success with his single, "Another Blue Day".
Ganesh's first feature wide-release film, Chellata, was a moderate success and ran up to 125 days in some theatres.
DCC Server has moderate support, but is not standard on all clients (see comparison of IRC clients).
Initially, a primary school was established by Muhammad Zahoor Sethi (Founder), comprising just one moderate campus with 300 students.
Three weeks later, the moderate Abdul Gani Lone was killed on May 21.
Although his party was right-wing, his political stance was generally moderate and liberal.
They also made their mark by offering large portions at moderate prices at restaurants with highly visible locations.
On 2 June 1946 he could successfully run for election to the Assemblée Constituante as a moderate candidate.
Simply moving the directional controls will move Sonic at a moderate pace, allowing for more precision.
It was located in an area of moderate wind shear.
The bar was targeted as it was thought to be a meeting point for Basque moderate nationalists in the area.
The film released on 7 May 2010 to Moderate responses.
It copes with a range of soil types and tolerates moderate frost.
Kuala Lumpur has moderate pollution compared to other modern cities in the world.
Moderate forms of exercise, such as walking, can lead to healthy weight loss.
More than 65 additional homes sustained minor to moderate damage.
In general, moderate temperature, high relative humidity, and heavy dew during the growing season favors the development of this disease.
Excalibur achieved moderate box office success while receiving mixed reviews.
Intermediate' bus stops is used by moderate frequency bus services with moderate passenger volumes and are located in suburban areas.
OnTheIssues.org positions Buchanan as a "Populist Conservative", while GovTrack.us labels him a "Moderate Republican".
Pinckney and Marshall left France in April 1798; Gerry remained behind in an unofficial capacity, seeking to moderate French demands.
Eggers was considered somewhat moderate for a Texas Republican candidate.
He objected to Boggs' relatively moderate positions on race at the time.
Signing to BMG in 1997, Childs gained moderate success with Airbus in the UK.
Foreign funding is small, estimated at about 10% of the total liabilities, and plans for further borrowings are moderate.
The moisture extended into southern California and produced moderate precipitation across the region.
Sale says of the lost Spanish manuscript; The book is a moderate quarto.
Although connected with the elite, he supported moderate reformers.
Leadership of the cabinet was assigned to General Nicolae Golescu, his brother, who was even more of a moderate.
Karim Bourti was charged with assault after beating a moderate Muslim cleric in an attempt to extort funds from him.
Because the Conservatives won in Lycksele the following years saw an increase of Conservative power in the Moderate Youth League.
There were growing divisions between the Evangelicals and the Moderate Party.
Abolitionists, however, were angry at the selection of a moderate and had little faith in Lincoln.
Following a pension scandal, Naoto Kan resigned and was replaced with moderate liberal Katsuya Okada.
While most alcoholics are unable to limit their drinking in this way, some return to moderate drinking.
People with moderate or severe hypothermia should be moved gently.
He was among three southern Democrats and four moderate Republicans who drafted the articles adopted by the committee.
With her moderate, but intense expression and her discerning musicianship, she made a deep impression on many people.
NAIA has taken a moderate approach to new measures that are purportedly for the protection of animals.
Follow-up singles "Marilyn Monroe", "Come Get It Bae" and "Gust of Wind" have achieved moderate success.
Ola Sundell (born 1952) is a Swedish politician of the Moderate Party, member of the Riksdag since 1994.
Mesotrophic soils are soils with a moderate inherent fertility.
Candee Jay made a moderate impression in the United States with "If I Were You" and "Back For Me."
Commercially, Saxobeats experienced moderate success on record charts.
Mariya Abakumova won the women's javelin, which had only moderate performances in the still conditions in Los Realejos.
At first D'Israeli was employed at a moderate salary in the counting-house of Messrs.
O. multiporus are found in highest numbers in low to moderate soil fertility levels.
Potvin was known for being intelligent, articulate, and outspoken off the ice.
Louise makes visual and multi-sensory site-specific performances, walks and installations that seek to articulate, reflect upon and transform significant life-events.
They would rather try to have a man articulate than a woman.
This requires a difficult balancing of the need to articulate clear answers and the little-founded fears.
Sarah Palin is secretly an extremely intelligent, poised, and articulate Englishwoman.
His articulate speeches throughout New England earned Morel an audience with President Theodore Roosevelt.
Students begin writing short stories in kindergarten and by third grade are usually articulate and familiar with writing.
The first semester curriculum is articulate and provides an understanding of the major management sciences subjects.
The first person to publicly exhibit a telephone for transmission of articulate speech was A. G. Bell.
It was legally more articulate as compared to its predecessor.
The project "Art in the Factory" aims to articulate the most diverse workspaces, through art.
The always articulate Katie from Brisbane went for a cheaper option and whipped up some steak fajitas.
He was articulate in several fields of the arts and a very impressive scientist.
One historian of modern Germany described him as "the most articulate anti-Nazi in the Catholic hierarchy".
Eliot was an articulate opponent of American imperialism, although he was opposed to the education of women.
One early and articulate critic was then-23-year-old Damon Knight.
Ribs 1, 10, 11, and 12 articulate completely onto the thoracic vertebrae rather than in between two of them.
As Parsons writes, "The deep structures do not as such articulate any sentences which could convey coherent meaning.
Very articulate in framing his sentences and choosing his words, Vaidyaji is also officially the manager of the local college.
His translations from Latin are still articulate examples of a good understanding of the language.
He's incredibly well educated and very articulate.
Darl is the most articulate character in the book; he narrates 19 of the 59 chapters.
Annual standardized assessments require students to articulate their understanding and mastery of each subject.
Some thinkers seek to articulate axiomatic assumptions on which science may be based, a form of foundationalism.
In many languages, the uvula is used to articulate a range of consonant sounds, known as uvular consonants.
People articulate that only children are spoiled, they're aggressive, they're bossy, they're lonely, they're maladjusted, she said.
Additionally, the spillway was designed to articulate in order to accommodate any settlement that did occur.
The Kenya African Union was a political organization formed in 1944 to articulate Kenyan grievances against the British colonial administration.
Thus, the process itself helps to negotiate and articulate delicately sexual difference, in the present.
Rather, Pinhead was depicted as quiet yet articulate and intelligent, drawing influence from classical cinematic depictions of Count Dracula.
Computer-assisted proofs are the subject of some controversy in the mathematical world, with Thomas Tymoczko first to articulate objections.
In short, Lord Hoffman did not agree with Lord Templeman's unarticulated hierarchy of values, nor did he articulate his own.
Gosh, he felt so bad after that, and he didn't know how to articulate it, said teammate Dave Dravecky.
The preserved letters from this time articulate a friendship that was loving and supportive, and, at times, sexually-charged.
Within a few years, Alan Cooper had begun to articulate some of his basic design principles.
The District has a stimulating and challenging atmosphere with a capable, articulate and professional staff.
It's hard for her to articulate it.
His finished drawing and paintings are highly articulate and precise in the way he renders forms.
Both guns have been restored so visitors can traverse (turn) the guns, and articulate the breech blocks.
Han Zhao rulers were all extremely intelligent and articulate, but some lacked self-control and demonstrated excessive cruelty on the battlefield.
Faced with this growing 'antislavery' movement, slaveholders and their sympathizers began to articulate an explicit defense of slavery.
It is the client's task, not the counselor's, to articulate and resolve the client's ambivalence.
An articulate speaker, Hansen's message reached audiences throughout the United States and around the world.
He is known for his very clear, accessible voice, enthusiastic delivery, and articulate use of the English language.
The human figure appears flexible and articulate.
In 1970, the Maine senator was chosen to articulate the Democratic party's message to congressional voters before the midterm elections.
She suggested that people within these groups create alternative forms of communication to articulate their experiences.
The organization's own publications articulate this narrative.
Or as he put it elsewhere, "We articulate cocksucker values."
D.E.C.A.The onboard computer aboard the Megaship, D.E.C.A. responds to voice commands and is able to articulate in 3000 known languages.
It consisted of 2 x 0-6-0 chassis coupled together to articulate.
Greenberg helped to articulate a concept of medium specificity.
Suddarth was articulate in Arabic, French, and Spanish.
As a child, he stammered but possessed early on a high degree of articulate intelligence.
Articulate brachiopods are those with hard, articulated shells (hence the term) with a simple set of opening and closing muscles.
He is perfectly articulate in both French and English.
Consequently, a democratic cultural policy must articulate its purposes in ways that demonstrate how the public interest is being served.
Frank Keating wrote of his "articulate, leisurely, confiding countryman's burr".
The literate and articulate response of those inhabitants who wished to remain is well-documented.
Deep inside ferments a disconnect and unease that she is unable to articulate to anyone.
Meetings were first held in Bolton, and later Manchester, where the articulate preacher, Jane Wardley, urged her followers to:"Repent.
Havard used songwriting as a tool throughout the writing process to help articulate key scenes.
Bostic was always well dressed and articulate during interviews.
Later, they are asked to articulate their thoughts as they occur in reaction to the playing scenario.
An articulate politician, Upendra enjoyed cordial relations with many senior political leaders, cutting across party lines, at the national level.
Ancient texts of the Hindu tradition formulate and articulate punishment.
Dent has been described as having helped to articulate the Southern Strategy.
However, Yong C.J. did not articulate any alternative test for determining if a restriction upon freedom of religion is appropriate.
This work belongs to 'an engaged, articulate and well-formed Catholic laity endowed with a strong sense vis-a-vis the dominant culture.'
Elinor, representing "sense", and Marianne, representing "sensibility", articulate a contrast "between two modes of perception", according to Butler.
Unlike the comics, he is an articulate speaker.
This encourages the exchange of many new ideas and provides a spot to articulate problem issues.
Its location at the centre of the peninsula permits it to articulate the long-distance transport networks of the peninsula.
The model of semiosis suggested by Barthes seeks to link signs with the social myths or ideologies that they articulate.
Athyris is the type genus for the Athyrididae, which belongs to the articulate order Athyridida.
The same 10 digits are used to record all articulate sounds uttered by homo sapiens.
The mausoleum of Colon, published in the Diary The Future in Seville 1898 it (journalistic articulate).
The youthful Rossetti is described as "self-possessed, articulate, passionate and charismatic" but also "ardent, poetic and feckless".
These ribs also articulate at their lower ends with the breast bones, a condition which is rare in the Ornithischia.
Nevertheless, any attempt to articulate solid links between Dada and these movements must be tenuous at best.
He was a distinguished Naval Officer, a brilliant engineer, an industrial giant and articulate national spokesman.
While highly articulate, both men challenge the other's story, almost as if attempting to expose lies and half-truths.
Meristella is placed in the family Meristellidae of the articulate brachiopod order Athyridida.
She said that there was enough space to articulate her political spirit at the JNU.
Policy makers must clearly articulate their goals for a particular project and clarify by what metric they will measure success.
The FE columns and editorials articulate this opinion succinctly.
Framing theory explains how organizations, media, politicians, and businesses articulate their causes and advocate issues to their publics.
Language is his model to articulate images, text, numbers, and sounds collected in our environment, or made in his studio.
The developmental task for this stage is for each member to articulate their wants and needs.
Ed Japhet is sixteen years old, and he is a bright, articulate boy.
If both wheels compress together their camber and toe will not change.
They compress gas by utilizing a piston pushed by a crank shaft.
WinRAR is a powerful Windows tool to compress and decompress zip, rar and many other formats: Knowledge Base".
WKBN had to compress both signals to the 720p format in order to make it possible.
The Cohen-Daubechies-Feauveau wavelet and other biorthogonal wavelets have been used to compress fingerprint scans for the FBI.
Simply compress the take-up springs and your problem goes away.
If applied incorrectly, they can compress the ribcage so greatly as to make normal breathing impossible.
VGA-Copy had the ability to compress images with the ARJ packer.
The world's largest inland cotton compress was located in Greenville until it was destroyed by fire in the mid-1900s.
Severe cases can compress the trachea and do require treatment.
High pressure is used to deform the fitting and compress the sealant against the inner tubing, creating a leakproof seal.
The spikes may have been an idea from Teller and colleagues to use implosive jets to compress the thermonuclear core.
This program can compress the disk image using the popular deflate algorithm, as utilized by PKZip and gzip, amongst others.
In addition to mechanical friction, considerable force is required to compress the valve springs used to close the engine's valves.
It can compress, delete, encrypt and edit files.
The gravity compress the air in the pneumatic cylinder.
Just like gzip and bzip, xz and lzma can only compress single files (or data streams) as input.
Both methods compress the fuel so that fusion can take place.
The very first internal combustion engines did not compress the mixture.
He can stretch, deform, expand, compress, and flatten all or part of his body at will.
Efforts to compress the uterus using the hands may be effective if other treatments do not work.
Along with showing selected files in Finder, it provides the ability to compress or delete files directly within the application.
Knocking makes the fibres of the willow blade compress together, which helps the bat bear the impact of the ball.
The shovel-shaped forward fuselage generated a shock wave to compress air before it entered the engine.
In 2007, Compress Technologies, Inc., announced on their web site that they had "acquired VMSK Technology."
The musician may freely stretch or compress its rhythm, and often will highly ornament each note.
Lossless compression methods may be categorized according to the type of data they are designed to compress.
The swollen, inflamed muscle may directly compress structures in the same fascial compartment, causing compartment syndrome.
Emission of radiation from the atomic bomb used to compress the main body.
The Lenoir engine was an engine that burned fuel without first trying to compress the fuel/mixture.
Most binary images also compress well with simple run-length compression schemes.
Elastomeric bearing pads compress on vertical load and accommodate horizontal rotation and provide lateral shear movement.
The genus name Synthliboramphus is from Ancient Greek sunthlibo, "to compress", and rhamphos, "bill", and antiquus is Latin for ancient.
ALZip software can compress and extract the EGG file format.
The solution was to compress acetylene in a porous medium.
Otherwise, that would not be helping to-compress the size of the-changes.
One technique to overcome this problem is to divide each block into sub-blocks and compress them separately.
The Zopfli algorithm can be used to compress Portable Network Graphics (PNG) files because PNG uses a DEFLATE compression layer.
Additional post-processing is then applied to compress this fingerprint while retaining patterns.
Squat is defined as the tendency of rear suspension to compress under acceleration.
Its "memory" capability helps compress the joint into its proper shape, encouraging rapid fusion.
CAVLC requires considerably less processing to decode than CABAC, although it does not compress the data quite as effectively.
As the pressure waves converge the air in front of the aircraft begins to compress.
For example, a dictionary is built from old English texts then is used to compress a book.
In the acoustic wave, parcels of gas adiabatically compress and expand.
It should be noted though that the spherical lens cannot compress the laser sheet into an actual 2-dimensional plane.
The larger bombs used more explosives to super-compress the fissionables, increasing efficiency.
LZJB' is a lossless data compression algorithm invented by Jeff Bonwick to compress crash dumps and data in ZFS.
Unlike other winter service vehicles, snow sweepers do not compress the snow, leaving a rough, high friction, surface behind them.
Using this knowledge, encoders can be designed to compress images more efficiently.
The tube is drawn through a die to compress the powder and maximize heat transmission.
One would expect a higher fuel consumption because of the power required to compress the aerosol.
There are squeeze containers that compress the garbage.
Some head and neck tumours invade or compress the facial nerve leading to facial paresis or paralysis.
Adiabatic efficiency is a measure of a compressor's ability to compress air without adding excess heat to that air.
The two plates compress the grapes to cut off the rachis branches and extract the bunch of grapes.
The DIA multi-anvil is the main alternative to the Kawai cell: it uses six anvils to compress a cubic sample.
There is no known binary analogue of the format, although it is common practice to compress the files with gzip.
Two rollers then compress the powder through the die holes.
The energy required to compress water is very much less than that required to compress hydrogen gas.
The first warez group to bring WinPlay3 to attention of a wider audience was Compress Da Audio.
By operation of the pigeonhole principle, no lossless compression algorithm can efficiently compress all possible data.
LizardTech's products enable users to compress, manipulate, and distribute high-resolution geospatial data such as aerial, satellite imagery and LiDAR data.
In a form of respiration called cuirassal breathing, the ischiotruncus would contract and compress the trunk, pumping the lungs.
By contrast, in a dipolar magnetic field, fluctuations tend to compress the plasma, without energy loss.
An alien named Baltazar has set his sights on Earth, planning to compress its population into diamonds.
It is used to mechanically compress an atonic uterus in the face of severe postpartum hemorrhage.
They have been reported to follow herds of local antelope, relying on them to compress the snow as they pass.
Once fuel and air enter the engine, the rotation of the disk creates shockwaves that compress the mixture.
Cloop is mostly used as a convenient way to compress conventional file systems onto Live CDs.
Mass effect from the tumor and edema may compress the ventricles and cause hydrocephalus.
In proof compression LowerUnits (LU) is an algorithm used to compress propositional logic resolution proofs.
Geometric hashing is also used in telecommunications (usually under the name vector quantization) to encode and compress multi-dimensional signals.
The tumour can also compress the recurrent laryngeal nerve and from this a hoarse voice and bovine cough may occur.
It seeks to compress the time required to propose, develop, manufacture, market and deliver products.
OpenSSL is open source software that can encrypt, decrypt, sign and verify, compress and uncompress CMS documents.
When very large they may compress on a blood vessel.
After stripping the compress from the conveyor, the compacted mass is introduced into a sintering furnace.
Conversion of radiant energy into mechanical energy to compress the main body.
Diesel's idea was to compress the air so tightly that the temperature of the air would exceed that of combustion.
In triggered star formation, one of several events might occur to compress a molecular cloud and initiate its gravitational collapse.
Satellite relay data logger (SRDL) tags compress data so more information can be transmitted through the Argos satellite.
Steel does not compress much, but its elasticity is very efficient which means it does not cause much waste heat.
BOCU-1 and SCSU are two ways to compress Unicode data.
Throughout embryonic development, the cells within the midbrain continually multiply and compress the still-forming cerebral aqueduct.
In the following sections, a Rake/Compress algorithm will be proposed to fulfill this goal.
The production uses echo to compress Lennon's vocal performance.
Cpio does not compress any content, but resulting archives are often compressed using gzip or other external compressors.
It can also be used to extract sperm for intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI).
This brine is usually re-injected into the ground, but some experiments have been made to extract minerals before re-injection.
Catabolism is the metabolic reaction which cells undergo to extract energy.
Ice merchants extract the blocks with an axe by hand and transport them down from the mountains atop mules.
These are used to extract moisture from that depth during the long dry summers.
Here is an extract of the interview, which took place in the end of the video.
Mariah kills him and his companion, Orrin, to make sure that Wallace doesn't extract any valuable information from him.
An extract from the poem is at the head of Rudyard Kipling's short story, At the Pit's Mouth.
Dry blowing is a method to extract gold particles from dry soil without the use of water.
By forcing the liquid extract through a nozzle, the solution atomizes, or becomes very fine droplets.
Stieff held out for several days against all attempts to extract the names of fellow conspirators.
In the United States, Maria Parloa extolled the benefits of Liebig's extract.
Exemplified copies are also usually an extract or transcript made directly from the original.
The released script extract shows that "Dad" would not have followed the pre-credits sequence of "Backwards" to the letter.
ITOA may apply big data analytics to large datasets where to extract business insights.
Unfortunately, no such theory is mathematically well-defined; in spite of this, theoreticians claim to extract information from this hypothetical theory.
On the other hand, these systems usually have much more data available from which to extract the answer.
The diaphragm may limit the amount of air/suction that can be used to extract milk from the breast.
Ethanolic extract of the fruits of Dalbergia sissoo exhibited molluscicide effect against eggs of the freshwater snail Biomphalaria pfeifferi.
If electricity existed in the cloud, the conductor could be used to extract it.
They settle the £200 entry fee with gold teeth, which they violently extract from each other's mouths.
They were able to use liver extract therapy to treat tropical sprue successfully.
Some liquorice candy is flavoured with anise oil instead of or in combination with liquorice root extract.
In order to extract more information from Simmons, Sylar invades the house of Luke and Mary Campbell.
The discrete time signals are in turn processed using digital hardware to extract information from the signal.
Users extract non-qualitative data from the kinematically diffracted electrons.
Upon arrival at the mill, cane stalks are washed, cut, and juiced to extract the sugar syrup.
In 2009, she appeared in the comedy film Extract with Ben Affleck and Jason Bateman.
Synthetic benzaldehyde is the flavoring agent in imitation almond extract, which is used to flavor cakes and other baked goods.
Hughes told the media that the ship's purpose was to extract manganese nodules from the ocean floor.
Ethanolic extract of the aerial parts of the plant possess antibacterial and anti fungal properties.
An utility called Font/DA Mover was used to install fonts into or extract fonts out of the System file.
Water was extensively used during the silver and lead mining process to extract the ore.
However, before Aaron can extract Inigo, Accelerator agents destroy Aaron's starship leaving him marooned on Hanko.
This means that birds are able to extract a greater concentration of oxygen from inhaled air.
Several years later, Zatarain found that it was more cost effective to sell the root beer blend as an extract.
Early on Xumu had assigned the tribe's expert, Nixi Xuma Waki ("Maker of the Vine Extract"), to instruct him how.
Gradualists usually extract themselves from this dilemma by invoking the extreme imperfection of the fossil record.
Some aromatized wines contain honey or egg-yolk extract.
Drilling to such depths to extract the products was both slow and inefficient in terms of collected volumes.
The astronaut, an eight-year-old boy named Chad Boyle, uses a small device to extract Ace's memories and transmit them elsewhere.
The broth version of YEPD typically contains 1% yeast extract, 2% peptone, 2% glucose/dextrose, and the rest is distilled water.
Bromelain extract is a mixture of protein-digesting (proteolytic) enzymes and several other substances in smaller quantities.
An extract of the single "I Know You Sleep" was released on Bang Gang's Myspace page.
In addition ethanolic extract of S. saligna has steroidal alkaloids which can demonstrate cholinesterase inhibitory activity.
He and his students devised clever techniques to extract profile information from branch predictors on Intel Pentium processor.
Antioxidant and anti-inflammatory activities of different solvent fractions from ethanol extract of Synurus deltoides (Aiton) Nakai leaves.
Contractors extract tens of thousands tones of sand, annually, from the area.
It would discourage the DisComs to extract higher electricity charges selectively from its consumers.
Thus, the adsorbed gas molecules continue to extract electrons from them.
Colonies on malt extract agar reach 70 mm diameter or more, otherwise very similar in appearance to those on CYA.
The Adams Extract building continued production in Austin, Texas, under direction of John G. Adams, Sr.
Its seed is traded as a spice, and in an oil extract form as oleoresin.
Typically, each batch of grist is mashed three times or so to extract all the fermentable sugars.
This extract transcribed by Roger Pearse, 2001.
The Romans used lead salt pans to extract the salt from the brine.
This type of extract is rich in condensed tannins of natural high molecular weight (phlobaphenes), which are not easily soluble.
This diary extract was adduced and shown to state nothing of the kind.
This approach can be applied to extract transient signal and avoiding the indeterminacy characterization in some signals.
CookXmlDoc, a doclet API for CookXml can extract Javadoc tags and comments from the tag library source code.
The settlement was established following the granting of a licence to extract tuna granted to Guzman el Bueno.
An extract from the advertisement is as follows.
Its wines are rich in extract and are found as dry, medium-dry and sweet wines.
The mining company would use massive excavation (mountain-top removal) to extract the low-grade ore (0.4% copper) from Catface.
When the Prussian victory became clear, France attempted to extract territorial concessions in the Palatinate and Luxembourg.
McCrory signs 9 bills, including changes to law allowing use of marijuana extract".
These wines tend to be low in extract and acidity with faint aromatics that can be lightly floral.
The extract is from Rudolf Hoernle's translation.
The Nieuwe Meer was also excavated to a depth of approximately 30 metres to extract sand.
The malt extract is stabilized and sterilised during boiling.
Animals in these species reingest their cecotropes, to extract further nutrients.
Desperados' listed ingredients are water, malted barley, glucose syrup, corn, sugar, aromatic compounds (75% Tequila), citric acid, and hop extract.
In 1924 the Shillingstone lime works was started to extract lime from the chalk beds at Shillingstone Hill.
There were two instructions to extract and insert bit fields of arbitrary lengths (EXT, INS).
Sublingual immunotherapy involves putting drops or a tablet of allergen extracts under the tongue to swallow the extract.
Newby is a right-arm fast-medium bowler with the ability to extract bounce from a cricket surface.
The addition of the chimney both created a strong draught and acted to extract the coal fumes.
Unilever now produces Bovril using beef extract and a chicken variety using chicken extract.
Burdock root oil extract, also called Bur oil, is used in Europe as a scalp treatment.
Recordings from Melbourne and Auckland, with a live extract (Austria).
Liquorice: Containing extract of the liquorice root.
In this second case it should be possible to extract this order from the responses to the test items.
Cannas are used to extract many undesirable pollutants in a wetland environment as they have a high tolerance to contaminants.
Banana peel may have capability to extract heavy metal contamination from river water, similar to other purification materials.
The SEALs extract Morales, escaping with her and recovering a cellphone full of the information she had gathered.
Malt extract, also known as extract of malt, is a sweet, treacly substance used as a dietary supplement.
In the mid-19th century, Justus von Liebig developed meat extract, but it was more expensive than bouillon cubes.
Tu found the way to extract it and her innovations boosted potency and slashed toxicity of this extract.
Only one brief extract from this work is known.
Hans Schinz was the first scientist to document the process by which the Bushmen extract and use the poison.
It will supplement the Russian-built Elektron system operating in the Zvezda module.
Liddell Hart Centre for Military ArchivesThe London Gazette: (Supplement) no.
To supplement his income, Schwarzer began making erotic photos which were used on naughty postcards common to the era.
The Tome and Blood supplement introduced the stirge familiar for use as a wizard's familiar.
Elves is a supplement for fantasy role-playing games published by Mayfair Games in 1983.
To supplement the income from his farm, Partridge also sold life insurance.
He was introduced in the Races of Stone supplement book.
The supplement is not collected on other trains on the route.
Before the 2004 reformulation, formulations contained ephedra, a supplement banned by the FDA in 2004.
Muslim protestors agitated against the supplement and the newspaper and staged a Rail-Roko at Mumbai Central railway station.
In 2010, State Mutual developed a secure, Internet-based application system for obtaining a Medicare supplement plan.
It included with its new entries material from both the original volume and the supplement.
In May, 1998, Gobar Times was first published as a supplement to DTE.
It is the only one of the sixteen works in the 1700 supplement to still be sung today.
Jamestown Area School District received a $399,574 supplement for special education services in 2010.
It should be rather used to support non-repudiation or to supplement more traditional services concerning paperless document environments.
Neil Philip in the Times Literary Supplement called Eva "one of the better books of a first-rate writer.
This was in a review of a supplement by Dugald Stewart to the Encyclopaedia Britannica.
Reading School District received a $9,265,619 supplement for special education services in 2010.
Southern Fulton School District received a $462,766 supplement for special education services in 2010.
Grants can provide an opportunity to supplement school funding without raising local taxes.
Reese then contributed to USER'S Most Wanted, a villains supplement for the Godsend Agenda game belonging to Khepera Publishing.
Specialized exercise therapy may supplement treatment to enhance quality of life.
Punctuation marks are to be used as shown in supplement two.
It is intended to supplement, and ultimately replace traditional Internet Routing protocols.
King was one of the five botanists who compiled the 1961 Supplement to Colgan's Flora of the County Dublin.
Carucage was an attempt to secure new sources of revenue to supplement existing sources of income.
The Banking Act was a supplement to the previous acts related to banking.
However, the briquettes are best used only as a supplement to coal.
He is the former editor of St. Louis magazine and the founder of the St. Louis Literary Supplement.
Additionally, use of cranberry juice or cranberry supplement appears to be ineffective in prevention and treatment in this population.
The Times Literary Supplement said it was 'impressive.
These stations supplement and expand on the big five stations, and were launched in 2002.
Her career as a writer began to supplement income from singing.
Wilkinsburg Borough School District received a $1,143,067 supplement for special education services in 2010.
It is intended to supplement the UK State Pension.
Three books were books of the year in The Observer, Times Literary Supplement and the Independent.
The Times Literary Supplement published a mostly positive review by author and editor Richard Davenport-Hines.
The Excelsior required eight passes to supplement the main "beauty pass", the Enterprise six.
Istus is described as one of the good deities that celestials can serve in the supplement Warriors of Heaven (1999).
The hell hound was introduced to the game in its first supplement, Greyhawk (1975).
Housing vouchers are provided to low-income residents to pay to private landlords to supplement rent.
It holds to the principle that government activity should supplement but not supplant communal action by citizens.
There is also a monthly tabloid business supplement.
It is used as a food and nutritional supplement and has reputed pharmaceutical properties.
Initially appearing on a UK promo 12", it was made available as a download-only supplement to the 2009 Rio re-release.
It later added a half tone broadsheet supplement in 1902.
The supplement comes in two parts either in the July, August, or September issue.
Helm is described as one of the good deities that celestials can serve in the supplement Warriors of Heaven (1999).
Your travel will give rural communities additional source of income to supplement their livelihood from subsistence farming.
In addition to the provision of State housing the government also provides an Accommodation Supplement.
The making of fruit wines and dried fruits are an important supplement to agriculture.
The Knowledge Center has a collection of over 21000 books that supplement the VTU curriculum.
Pearson has patents in the area of oil shale and tar sands recovery, lasers, holography and supplement formulations.
Knight also writes for The New York Review of Books, The Times Literary Supplement and The Globe and Mail.
Is coral calcium a safe and effective supplement?
The four ships were constructed to supplement four smaller vessels built decades earlier at British shipyards.
In addition, D. Appleton & Company claimed that the 4 volume supplement used material from Appletons' Cyclopaedia of American Biography.
In 1938 the results were published in a supplement of the American Journal for Tropical Medicine (Strong 1938, Hissette 1938).
The reign of Justinian saw the construction of over 100 legionary fortresses to supplement the defense.
When published in 1938, Hussein, An Entertainment received a British review in the Times Literary Supplement.
Gokwe Town Council also owns a restaurant and beer gardens to supplement its revenue base.
Tetrabasic zinc chloride (Simonkolleite), a zinc hydroxy mineral, is a new form of zinc nutrition supplement for animals.
After selection, the students are taught to supplement their training in French language and civilization.
As a supplement it is used to treat and prevent vitamin A deficiency, especially that which is resulting in xerophthalmia.
Grants have provided an opportunity to supplement school funding without raising local taxes.
These results suggests that AOM can be used a growth promoting supplement for N. oculata culture.
These include Harpers, Times Literary Supplement, The Spectator, London Review of Books, The Nation, New Statesman and Society.
Today he lives in Peoria, Arizona, USA where he owns his own supplement store Pro Nutrition.
Most people also have small subsistence farms to supplement their irregular salaries.
The philosopher of language Stephen Neale has also argued against Professor Smith's claim in the Times Literary Supplement.
Games Workshop has also released various expansions over the years, including a siege rules supplement and campaign expansions.
The Woodland Hills School District received a $3,351,401 supplement for special education services in 2010.
In 2007, Wishnatzki Farms entered into the strawberry processing business and opened a processing facility to supplement outsourced production capacity.
It began as a supplement that still required the Cyberpunk 2020 rulebook, but the second edition became a standalone game.
The announcement of the award was published in a supplement to the London Gazette on 11 May 1917.
He is a semi-regular on Sky Sports 1's Sunday Supplement.
Hunting and fishing were initially an important supplement, but lost a lot of their significance over time.
According to Wedu, mentors supplement their leadership skills through the Learning Objectives in the Mentorship Program.
Jones had a weekly column in the magazine supplement of the Mail on Sunday.
Gilt bronze nails supplement the wooden tenon joints.
There are a number of publications that supplement OPCS-4.
Ellwood City Area School District received a $1,281,263 supplement for special education services in 2010.
Consequently, students supplement the traditional academics and athletics with a healthy balance of aesthetic activities.
Although retired, the supplement described Field as "Inspector Field," implying that he was still active in the force.
The 2007 season started with the addition of several league-owned expansion teams, primarily to supplement games with the returning teams.
The NNI's budget supplement proposed by the Obama administration for Fiscal Year 2015 provides $1.5 billion in requested funding.
The first library catalogue was printed in 1859 with a supplement to the catalog issued in 1866.
The IJA's need to supplement their tank units with artillery led to a need for self-propelled guns (SPGs).
Memphis College of Art provides a rigorous curriculum in an intimate, diverse community.
Cohabitation is when two unmarried people who are in an intimate relationship live together.
It is mainly used for the screenings of films that require an intimate environment.
She appeared in other sex movies such as Eskimo Nell (1975), Intimate Games (1976) and Derek Ford's What's Up Superdoc!
Tim Jorgenson's novel Mrs Keckley Sends Her Regards (2007) portrays Keckley's intimate friendship with both of the Lincolns.
Paul, one of his elder brothers, was an intimate friend and aide-de-camp of King Ludwig II of Bavaria.
In 1860 Bucher returned to Germany, and became intimate with Ferdinand Lassalle, who made him his literary executor.
Ryuzo Sejima also worked with Yoshio Kodama who was intimate with the U.S. Government and the CIA.
He had his grandfather's ability and tact, and was the intimate of the best sporting men of his time.
Clearly attracted to each other, they share an intimate moment and have sex.
His son was Patroclus, Achilles' first cousin once removed through their paternal family connection to Aegina, and his intimate companion.
Army life suits Jackie and he forms an intimate relationship with two other recruits, Chesty and Toby, in his regiment.
In the meantime Annamma, seduces Ramu and they became intimate.
In the interview, Consolmagno and Coyne discussed their distinct and intimate relationships with science and faith.
With this in mind, we tried an even more intimate version on the album than on the single.
To cheer him up, Kim organises an intimate evening for them, however Ray arrives with his daughter, Sasha (Rebecca Sanneh).
No longer an intimate design atelier, Stone's office became a stratified corporate entity and his work became uneven and formulaic.
Her intimate performances were filled with laughter, tears and a bonding with the audience to create a community through song.
Love is an important factor in physical and emotional intimate relationships.
On 9 June 2012, Solier married cyclist Erick Gomez in an intimate ceremony in Huamanga, Ayacucho.
The first zone is called intimate distance and ranges from touching to about eighteen inches apart.
An individual also becomes competent in developing and maintaining long-term intimate relationships.
The poems also describe emotional, intimate experiences; they are melancholic and elegant.
The song tells about the pain and jealousy arising from thoughts of her lover being intimate with someone else.
Nowhere else do we find such a combination of soaring vision with the most delicate and intimate psychological analysis.
Blinking Lights and Intimate Things was considered as an alternate album title.
She sometimes plays up to 3 hours by herself, in intimate and quiet venues.
For the chorus, Usher and Iman are being intimate, with water further entering the singer's cabin.
Their relationship only became intimate in 1932.
For example, characters can socialize with one another and hold intimate relationships online.
Feelings are beginning to be disclosed as intimate relationship forms.
Killed in a swank Galveston beach house, the pair are discovered in a grotesque intimate pose.
All the most intimate aspects of Guard duties.
Nancy felt renewed by the smaller, more intimate crowds as well as a return to acoustic-oriented songs.
However, blood samples and intimate samples may not be taken without consent.
The song's lyrics recount an intimate roof-top encounter between lovers, and how the memory affects the protagonist.
Others may simply consider birth to be an intimate bonding time between the spouses and their newborn child.
Women, as intimate and concerned observers of young children, were best suited to this role.
All states of Huaxia are intimate, and every one should not be deserted.
The games are not only massive; they are also "intimate and social".
With energy of steel he explored the passionate passages and with intimate delicacy played the quiet poetry.
In this intimate atmosphere, Evadne and Hilda handed around glasses of sherry to the audience.
Pohl was a member of Liszt's intimate circle at Weimar.
In pre-production memos, Whedon described his vision for the score as "spare, intimate, mournful and indefatigable".
Gabriel tells Parker a different story, suggesting they had been intimate several times.
Evidence also points to the role of a number of contextual factors that can impact intimate relationships.
At first, he moves away, but then surrenders to his feelings and they share a passionate and intimate kiss.
As well, Pearson had an "intimate involvement" with the engineers who were creating Smaart, including a meeting with Jamie Anderson.
She takes off her shirt and lies on her bed, daydreaming about her and her date being intimate.
He has a very reserved and aloof personality and is intimate and meticulous with his work.
Exalting the man-symbol everlastingly renewed by the varied aspects of modern life and its infinity of intimate relationships with nature.
Gynaecological examination is quite intimate, more so than a routine physical exam.
Vitellius is a prominent character in Robert Graves's novel Claudius the God, an intimate friend of Claudius.
Even though he's her first boyfriend he's not her first intimate experience.
Few close intimate friends rather than many superficial relationships.
Mementos Intimos (English: Intimate Moments) is a greatest hits album by Mexican-American Tejano singer Selena, released in 2004.
Its visuals have been praised as being, "sumptuous yet intimate, textured and brimming with raw emotion."
The relationship between Harris and Okichi grows closer and more intimate, and she helps him understand Japanese culture.
The film contains mainly performances of classical works, but also provides an intimate look into Horowitz's private life.
From here onwards it has an intimate relationship with the radial nerve.
He would also have had a history of anti-social behaviour and would be unlikely to have had any intimate relationships.
As of December 2015, controlling or coercive behaviour in an intimate or family relationship is illegal in England and Wales.
She was also interviewed for and featured in Ken Burns' 2014 PBS TV documentary The Roosevelts: An Intimate History.
Dani reached out to comfort him and the two finally expressed their feelings for each other with an intimate kiss.
Order members were those "who participated in the Queen's most intimate pleasures."
According to conservative estimates, one million women are battered by an intimate partner annually.
Resentment is most powerful when it is felt toward someone whom the individual is close to or intimate with.
Intimate love is the corner of the triangle that encompasses the close bonds of loving relationships.
Save for the intimate friends he recruited to the undertaking, fellow hunters refused to side with him.
Cummings was the intimate friend and disciple of Orestes A. Brownson, the philosopher and reviewer.
Intimate terrorism (IT) may also involve emotional and psychological abuse.
The customary "Korsakov Gatherings" still take place to this day, with concertgoers attracted by the warm intimate atmosphere.
They are known for having small and intimate live shows.
Intimate Strangers, a popular account of the sweating sickness theory.
Quoted in the liner notes to the Juilliard String Quartet's Intimate Letters.
The video piece itself is fifteen minutes long and consists of intimate, colored photographs of Hatoum's mother showering.
The survey asked about their experiences of physical, sexual and psychological violence including incidents of intimate partner violence ('domestic violence').
This studio was popular for programmes which required intimate medium-sized space, like Bremner, Bird and Fortune for Channel 4.
Hanna offers to pay him, but instead he holds her hand and the two share an intimate moment.
These intimate gigs with a one-to-one audience became a window to her life and gained her a substantial following.
In the episode "Reasonable Doubt", he comes out of a shower in Rollins' apartment, implying that they had been intimate.
Their weekly video vignettes published on their Vimeo account are intimate, jarring, and poignant.
Octavius intends to become more intimate with her and makes several advances, only to be rebuffed each time.
The first disc, recorded for VH1 Storytellers, is acoustic and intimate; it also contains a previously unreleased hidden track, "Chelsea".
Patrick Lennox Tierney had an intimate perspective on events which unfolded in SCAP headquarters.
One night, when Eleni planned an intimate dinner with Frank, he ended up having it with Blake Thorpe.
The landscape combines intimate enclosed places for contemplation with panoramic vistas illustrating the sublime in nature.
In hopes of providing a more intimate setting, capacity was reduced to around 8,500 for Royals games.
Intimate junctional contact between tumor cells and normal cells is needed for this form of growth control.
Together, they created the Intimate Bookshop as the home base for their new magazine, Contempo.
Once the classical symptoms appear, the best way to eliminate the dangers of Alagille syndrome is a full liver transplant.
Shumway conducted the first adult heart transplant in the US in 1968.
Although the Bass and Tingey were from different classes of destroyers, the transplant was a success.
When he was used to do a transplant, he lived on as Yuri Babanin.
As their time on the Destiny lengthens, TJ begins performing increasingly complicated medical procedures, including a kidney transplant.
Back at his lab, Walters and his assistant Miss Strand (Fay Helm) transplant glandular material from Dorothy into Cheela.
Woodruff principally studied transplant rejection and immunosuppression.
The Transplant Ethics Committee must approve living donor kidney transplants.
The transplant was successful, but David wanted $10,000,000 before he agreed to the transplant.
In renal transplant recipients, such cells may be found in up to 40 percent of cases.
Channel 7 televised the first kidney transplant in the mid-1960s.
On Earth, he can easily get a transplant to replace his missing arm.
The process of somatic cell nuclear transplant involves two different cells.
He was head of the organ transplant section between 1966 and 1968.
Out of those millions in the world, 16,500 in the United States needed a kidney transplant in 2008.
He was part of the team that performed the first successful kidney transplant.
Ruby and the Headmen then fought the Heroes for Hire while attempting to transplant Chondu's head onto Humbug's body.
Instead, their solution to the problem was to keep transplant prices as high as the market would allow.
Reading about the condition of German immigrants in the United States, Wimmer took steps to transplant Benedictine missions there.
The virus remained undetectable over three years after the first transplant.
In case of life-threatening diseases, bone marrow transplant may be attempted.
Medical advances included the first human hand transplant in the United States and the first self-contained artificial heart transplant.
It is the first hospital in Gujarat to have completed a heart transplant under the leadership of Dr. Dhiren Shah.
Over the past 21 years Dr Farjo has performed over 6500 transplant procedures and given over 25,000 consultations.
Cigna's reversal of its policy, offering to pay for the transplant, came several hours before Sarkisyan's death.
He began studies of allergies in 1948, and discovered the Ir (immune response) genes that govern transplant rejection (1960s).
Terasaki established UCLA's HLA laboratory, and also established the UCLA Kidney Transplant Registry, the largest in the world.
Two years after the transplant, Enzo comes back to the Philippines and meets Bianca.
He performed the world's first Fallopian tubal transplant in 1979 but this technology was then superseded by in vitro fertilisation.
In absence of a liver transplant, the MSUD diet must be adhered to strictly and permanently.
BAFF has been found in renal transplant biopsies with acute rejection and correlate with appearance C4d.
Further more, the professional organization "ROMTRANSPLANT" plays a key role, scientific and organizational, in the development of Romanian transplant.
Robert and Kitty renew their vows before her bone marrow transplant.
Slaughter's last novel, Transplant, was published in 1987.
Due to the value of melange, attempts have been made to transplant production onto other planets.
However, Miller pulled out of the bout after getting news about his son's kidney transplant operation.
Noel's younger brother, Orlandus, is seeking a heart transplant.
The Organ Transplant Centre is the only centre in the region performing invasive donor hepatectomy.
Lizzie finally went into remission when she underwent a successful bone marrow transplant thanks to her new baby brother, James.
Samwell underwent a heart transplant in the 1990s and died in Sacramento, California on 13 March 2003, aged sixty six.
The Nashville transplant weaves his cult like influence over all who require a daily dose of eccentric pop.
Days after his operation, he was in good spirits, and had had no serious complications from the transplant.
He also implanted a plastic esophagus into a person and performed a heart transplant for a dog.
The trees are difficult to transplant and a seedling should be set in its permanent spot while still small.
Currently, between 7000 and 8,000 people in the UK need a transplant, currently rising by about 8% a year.
Under the spell of Dracula, Sandra is about to carry out the brain transplant when Talbot and Chick storm in.
Many famous medical men attended including kidney transplant pioneer Ralph Shackman and pioneering nutritionist John Yudkin.
Corneal transplant may be considered for patients presenting with severely impaired vision caused by cholesterol corneal opacities.
If the heart stopped beating for too long then the organ becomes unusable and cannot be used for transplant.
The risk of relapsing after transplant is high, and has been recorded as high as 50%.
Kocher reversed these symptoms by implanting thyroid tissue to these people and thus performed the first organ transplant.
Eyelash and eyebrow transplant surgeries may be help to reconstruct or thicken lashes or eyebrow hair.
Thus, when the transplanted follicular units grow hair after a transplant, the overall results of the transplant will appear natural.
Despite these challenges, obtaining an intestine for transplant is rather probable in the United States.
Extensive efforts have been made to identify treatment regimes to reduce PRA in sensitized transplant candidates.
She left the USSR at the request of Doctor Strange to perform a brain transplant.
Substandard conditions during transplant surgeries can also lead to transmission of diseases like hepatitis B, hepatitis C, and HIV.
Shirley was told that the transplant would cost $10,000 and that did not include the medicine after the surgery.
MFCH also has one of the largest pediatric corneal transplant programs in the nation.
Travel for transplantation is the movement of organs, donors, recipients or transplant professionals across jurisdictional borders for transplantation purposes.
On Christmas in 2009, Ray received a stem cell transplant to treat her rare cancer.
The city is preeminent in transplant surgery, with several city-based hospitals creating records in such surgeries.
On December 16, 2016, Williams underwent liver transplant surgery.
Two more doses of this proceeded whilst searches began to find Jarvis a donor for an allogeneic bone marrow transplant.
It is also used to follow up bone marrow transplant patients.
The transplant is called an allograft, allogeneic transplant, or homograft.
In rare circumstances partial resection of liver or transplant may be required.
To meet the cost of the eye transplant, Kutty offers his kidney to a Pune-based rich man.
Corneal transplant surgery may be difficult due to the peripheral thinning of the cornea, even with large and off-center grafts.
They are also administered as posttransplantory immunosuppressants to prevent the acute transplant rejection and graft-versus-host disease.
However, Phil eventually gets a liver transplant.
Hurst died in March 2015 of complications from a liver transplant he had received in 1994.
Tacrolimus is normally prescribed as part of a post-transplant cocktail including steroids, mycophenolate, and IL-2 receptor inhibitors such as basiliximab.
In India, a kidney transplant operation runs for around as low as $5000.
Renal transplant is found curative in almost all clinical cases.AME is exceedingly rare, with fewer than 100 cases recorded worldwide.
The disease began to attack his organs; and in late 2009 he received a liver transplant.
He had been in Singapore's Raffles Hospital since February 2009 awaiting a kidney transplant from his younger brother.
BOS is seen in over 50% of lung-transplant recipients by 5 years, and in over 80% by ten years.
DeSisto died on November 1, 2003, from cerebral hemorrhage, several days after receiving a kidney transplant.
In 2004, Parry was diagnosed with advanced dilated cardiomyopathy and placed on the transplant list.
He underwent a bone marrow transplant, but it was unsuccessful.
It may also infect organ transplant recipients and people receiving certain cancer treatments.
Mo wanted to save her patient Hattie Edison (Sophie Jones), who needed a heart-transplant.
It has twin theatres for General Surgery, Gynaecology, Obstetrics and Kidney Transplant Surgery.
On May 16, 2012, he performed with his team country's fourth face and their second full face transplant.
Simon Kay performed the UK's first hand transplant operation in 2012 at Leeds General Infirmary.
Women were subjected to transplant experiments including organs, bones, and nerves.
There are also plans to open a heart transplant centre.
Later, Paul lets Susan know that he's alerted the transplant office to move forward with Beth's wishes.
In May 2013, Reed underwent a liver transplant at the Cleveland Clinic.
The phrase "single postulate" is just used in comparison with the original "two postulate" formulation.
Ethnopluralism claims to postulate no intrinsic hierarchy between peoples but regards them as worthy of preservation and threatened by 'amalgamation'.
In all approaches, however, there is an axiom which is logically equivalent to Euclid's fifth postulate, the parallel postulate.
The logic postulate: Two truths cannot contradict each other.
Another postulate; the wavefunction collapse postulate, counters the usual idea of a measurement in science.
According to Hammond's postulate, the more stable diastereomer is formed faster.
Call the resulting minimalist mereological theory M.If x is part of y, we postulate that y encloses x:C3.
Postulate 7: This postulate contains two main concepts.
Lobachevsky would instead develop a geometry in which the fifth postulate was not true.
The postulate period lasts from six to nine months and the novitiate period from one year to eighteen months.
Hammond's postulate is sometimes called the Hammond-Leffler postulate to give credit to both scientists.
This makes it unnecessary to postulate an /n/-phoneme in Danish.
One example is the parallel postulate, which is neither provable nor refutable from the remaining axioms of Euclidean geometry.
Some linguists (like I. G. Dobrodomov and his school) postulate the existence of a phonemic glottal stop /ʔ/.
And so, invoking Occam's razor, he removed the postulate of wavefunction collapse from the theory.
Others postulate that sharing is driven by ego in order to build up an online persona for oneself.
The principle of Occam's razor suggests that we postulate only those entities which are necessary to best explain our observations.
Bekenstein was the first physicist to postulate such a theorem.
One of the earliest studies on methodology of economics, analysing the postulate of rationality.
Unlike HSM, ELM does not postulate whether central route processing and peripheral route processing can co-occur or not.
The parallel postulate is equivalent to the Equidistance postulate, Playfair axiom, Proclus axiom, the Triangle postulate and the Pythagorean theorem.
Sociological theories postulate relationships between sociological concepts.
Those who postulate other reasons for the withdrawal are simply wrong."
These are two of the few stories by Asimov to postulate non-human intelligences in the Solar system.
The fourth postulate is subsidiary yet consistent with the first three:4.
There are proofs of the existence of parallels which do not assume an equivalent of the fifth postulate.
We can draw conclusions about the invisible; we can postulate its existence with relative certainty.
Before him, mathematicians were trying to deduce Euclid's fifth postulate from other axioms.
According to some references, the theory of special relativity can be derived from a single postulate: the principle of relativity.
The first led to the conclusion that straight lines are finite, contradicting Euclid's second postulate.
The language theory postulate: It must be possible to communicate the religious comprehension and experience even to non-believers.
Starting with the ten- or eleven-dimensional spacetime of string or M-theory, physicists postulate a shape for the extra dimensions.
The parallel postulate is equivalent to the Equidistance postulate, Playfair axiom, Proclus axiom, the Triangle postulate and the Pythagorean theorem.
This postulate does not specifically talk about parallel lines, it is only a postulate related to parallelism.
Meaning Postulate is a formula to express an aspect of the sense of a predicate.
The complete continuity between magic and religion has been a postulate of modern anthropology at least since early 1930s.
Despite its rejection by sociolinguists, the Axiom of categoricity is still an influential postulate in some schools of linguistics.
By examining igneous rocks, it is possible to postulate evidence for volcanic outgassing, which is known to alter atmospheric chemistry.
This conclusion by Bunnett is a contradiction from the Hammond postulate.
The proposer of the postulate is climate scientist and physicist Tim Palmer.
In Euclidean geometry, the AA postulate states that two triangles are similar if they have two corresponding angles congruent.
They also postulate the existence of a quantity named entropy, which can be defined for any system.
Invariably the mistake was assuming some 'obvious' property which turned out to be equivalent to the fifth postulate.
It's not a big leap to postulate that they ridiculed their hedonistic Athenian rivals for something they themselves did.
Hahnemann's law of similars is a postulate rather than a scientific law.
The historical case begins with the postulate that the Union is older than the states.
Thus, we can postulate that the trichothecene mycotoxins have molecular capability of direct reaction with cellular components.
But since there are no explicit representation, one can only postulate a possibility.
The postulate has also been used to predict the shape of reaction coordinate diagrams.
They have been suggested to function as pmf-driven chaperones that fold extracellular proteins, but only indirect evidence supports this postulate.
Therefore, researchers are led to postulate new physical phenomena that resolve hierarchy problems without fine tuning.
Hammond's postulate is sometimes called the Hammond-Leffler postulate to give credit to both scientists.
The relationship between Hammond's postulate and the BEP principle can be understood by considering a SN1 reaction.
Archaeologists postulate it could have been a Crusader fortress.
The postulate therefore becomes descriptive of research and prescriptive of research methodology.
The idea is contained in the early work by John von Neumann, sometimes called the reduction postulate.
Consequently, rectangles exist (a statement equivalent to the parallel postulate) only in Euclidean geometry.
The inconsistency among his statements led Munro Edmonson (1971) to postulate that there had been multiple manuscripts in Guatemala.
Nasir al-Din attempted to derive a proof by contradiction of the parallel postulate.
Democratic identity is a regulative and arbitral postulate for a multicultural coexistence amongst identities that may be exclusionary.
Their main postulate was "struggle against proprietary ideology among peasants and promoting of Proletarian revolution's ideals".
Since spherical geometry violates the parallel postulate, there exists no such triangle on the surface of a sphere.
Technically, Hammond's postulate only describes the geometric structure of a chemical reaction.
The Jain texts postulate four gatis, that is states-of-existence or birth-categories, within which the soul transmigrates.
He was also first to postulate the "dark night sky paradox".
Some embryologists postulate that the ostium secundum may be formed through programmed cell death.
The postulate is a basic statement of the empiricist method: our theories shouldn't incorporate supernatural or transempirical entities.
They also postulate the existence of a Poincaré-invariant state called the vacuum and demand it is unique.
This is also called the Drucker stability postulate and eliminates the possibility of strain softening behavior.
He also was the first to postulate the central limit theorem, a cornerstone of probability theory.
In the 1990s the monastery was enlarged by a new wing, hosting the postulate, novitiate and juniorate premises.
The Hammond postulate is the opposite of what Bunnett theorized.
The Hammond-Leffler postulate suggests that this too will increase the rate of carbocation formation.
Still others postulate that the number "three" is symbolic, meant to indicate a magnified karmic result for one's actions.
He began with studying geometry, particularly Euclid's fifth postulate and non-Euclidean geometry.
Therefore it is not possible to prove the parallel postulate based on the other four postulates of Euclidean geometry.
It was simpler and more convenient to postulate preformed miniature organisms that expanded in accordance with mechanical laws.
Likewise this postulate: "Business and public administration are alike only in all unimportant respects."
Now let us consider the group postulate inverse element.
Later some historians postulate that the Roman fort of Varae sat on the site of the Cathedral.
To the ancients, the parallel postulate seemed less obvious than the others.
Both of these are consistent systems, showing that the parallel postulate is independent of the other axioms of geometry.
Lack of clarity on whether a straight line is infinite or boundary-less in the second postulate.
Such a hypothesis was termed a postulate.
Parallel lines are the subject of Euclid's parallel postulate.
There were some attempts to derive the Lorentz transformation without the postulate of the constancy of the speed of light.
Another postulate of special relativity is the constancy of the speed of light.
In contrast, Dennett states that it is incorrect to postulate an economic interpretation of the Abbasid revolution.
Koch's second postulate calls for the isolation and growth of a selected pathogen in pure laboratory culture.
The Hyperbolic Parallel Postulate and the Asymptotically Parallel Postulates help define edge tessellations in hyperbolic geometry.
Energy in Kuwait describes energy and electricity production, consumption, import and export in Kuwait.
The CRX Si was Motor Trend's Import Car of the Year for 1988.
He bought a property in Bergen and established an import business with emphasis on coffee.
Import and distribution is still waiting for final FDA approval."
In the year 2000, the album Touching Cloth was released as an import only.
Sunil says, "In 1983, the government imposed a ban on the import of gensets.
Import Megan Dehn retired from playing, and joined the coaching staff as a specialist coach for all Trans-Tasman games.
Sizzlers' former import Lewis Lloyd replaces Kenny Sanders after Diet Sarsi lost their first game, 83-98 to Presto Tivoli.
They also import spices from Vietnam that cannot be found in Hong Kong but are vital for the dishes.
The company was originally established on February 1, 1960, as an import/export business by the father of Roy Ozaki.
The basic design of the import model is the same as the international one.
March 1: News that Kuwait will need to import crude in the short term.
For the rest of the 1970s, however, import prices skyrocketed, climbing 219% from 1973 to 1980.
The receptionist is the Russian import Marika.
Their Volk Racing wheels are popular with owners of sport compact and import cars on the race and show circuits.
There is a national sales office and import administration office in Auckland.
On January 28, 2014, the Ontario Hockey Association ruled against the Maroons for exceeding their limit on import players.
In view of their ethical import, however, these enactments soon became binding.
Mostly Lebanese business people or Syrians own businesses, such as restaurants, hotel chains, import and export companies.
They also released import Eric Devendorf leaving them with only one import.
Hughes had been medically retired in 1920, after which he joined his father's import-export business, the Hughes Trading Company.
It creates a common gas market in Brazil and allows gas import from Bahia.
Without the ability to import rice from China, Burma was forced to import rice from the British.
The 280ZX was Motor Trend's import car of the year for 1979.
Barnet preferred to use local materials wherever possible, rather than import "foreign materials".
The cargo complex consists of two divisions, namely, the export and the import facilities.
Geographic information system (GIS) applications such as QGIS and Grass use GPSBabel for many import and export operations and processing.
Import revisions were introduced as part ofVersion 2, released in September, 2015.
He had to import materials from Dubuque and Chicago to build it.
There are few import tariffs from Singapore who supports the World Trade Organisation process fully.
Mexico continued the smothering economic policies implemented by Spain, limiting production and import opportunities.
Iran was among the earliest countries to import the TOW missile, as far back as 1971.
On March 4, 2017, Smith signed with the Blackwater Elite as their import for the 2017 PBA Commissioner's Cup.
Competitiveness is important for any economy that must rely on international trade to balance import of energy and raw materials.
The Indian currency, the rupee, was inconvertible and high tariffs and import licensing prevented foreign goods reaching the market.
Non-ECRS processes typically import valid transactions only and generate an exception list of the invalid transactions.
Despite its own production of natural gas Ukraine still has to import about 80% of its natural gas needs.
He completed his primary and secondary schooling and began working for an import-export company.
The OAC went on to import additional additional bulls and cows, eventually began selling Aberdeen Angus cattle in 1881.
In 1934, Arcadia was sold to Kohlen-Import und Poseidon Schiffahrt, Konigsberg and was renamed Elbing.
By contrast, Japan's import of marine products increased greatly in the 1980s, and was nearly 2 million tons in 1989.
Still, Slovenia began to covertly import arms to replenish its armed forces.
While the EU has the capacity to import 200 billion m³/year it only imported 45 billion m³/year.
Indian pharmaceutical companies in Moldova are among the top ten based on medicine import by Moldova.
In 1957, Sakata was designated a port for the import of timber.
Cody Bostock, 26, was the next import announced by the club.
On March 8, 2015, Cataracts' import Rob Hennigar scored the OT winner to win the CWSHL finals series four-games-to-two.
Hindley was initially replaced by Brit import Ian Kelly and Kim Napolitano, then shortly after, Pete Powers.
Centre Martin Iti earned Rookie of the Year honours, while import swingman René Rougeau was named to the All-Star Five.
The BIC claimed to be an import-export company.
Queensland is the first Australian state to sign contracts to import European pre-fabricated houses made to Queensland designs.
The grocery stores source import from the United States and the self-produced Coca-Cola Cherry from Coca-Cola enterprises Sweden.
This price disparity is caused by domestic consumption taxes and import duties.
The importation of airsoft firearms is restricted to companies and individuals who hold weapons import licences.
They specialise in the import, conversion and retailing of American performance vehicles.
It was funded by the Export Import Bank of the United States.
In 2006, Contact and Genesis Energy set up a joint venture project called Gasbridge to import LNG.
By 1976, within rules created by the Electronic Processing Activities Coordinating Committee (CAPRE), it became illegal to import pinball machines.
Assembly plants closed after tariff protection was removed and distributors found it cheaper to import cars fully assembled.
Belinda Mulrooney, a small-time businesswoman, arrived in Dawson City that year, intending to import goods and establish her own enterprises.
Larry Robinson was voted the Governor's Cup Best Import.
The Canadian government also brought in heavier import and hygiene restrictions on EU cucumbers, lettuces, and tomatoes.
Pending that, Israel should immediately facilitate the import into Gaza of all goods, other than weapons".
Norwegian Food Safety Authority, or Mattilsynet (official site) Controls all aspects of food safety, including agriculture, import and trade.
This law authorizes the Export-Import Bank of the United States through 2019.
HVDC is necessary for the import and export of energy between grid systems that are not synchronized with each other.
The Allies permitted only low import levels of goods that most Germans could not afford.
In 1918, he resumed his import-export work and moved to China, South America and the West Indies.
Alternatively, for Amazon.com MP3 files, the Amazon MP3 Downloader application will automatically import the files into the iTunes library.
These connections have primarily been used to import and export electricity during emergencies.
Itallows for the rapid import of new specialized data sources.
And the money of import and export totaled $8.0118 million.
US Patent and first import of the system cames in US in 2015.
Winston started out with the returning Darryl Smith, a former Great Taste import, and Ed Roberson as their imports.
The campus is part of Qatar's "massive venture to import elite higher education from the United States".
Part V moves to non-proliferation and security related subjects: safeguards, export and import controls, and physical protection.
Contact with Christians in other countries, the import of Bibles and public celebration of Christmas are banned by decree.
The compressor was an American import as well, supplied by the Harrison division of General Motors.
The import of V is that of the axiom schema of replacement in NBG and ZFC.
He managed to import, directly from England, an automatic flatbed printing press, the latest type then available.
Energy in Vietnam describes energy and electricity production, consumption and import in Vietnam.
As chief of customs, Jaldessa Mersha oversaw the import of all goods.
We know that our food import bill is too high.
Konsojaya stated in its incorporation papers that it was an "import/export" company that shipped palm oil to Afghanistan from Malaysia.
In Selangor import tax on opium were collected by the Chinese People Affairs Protection Officers.
If applicable, another related approach by which hooking can be achieved is by altering the import table of an executable.
Korea Ferrous Metals Export & Import Corporation is a steel company based in Pyongyang, North Korea.
When there is ad valorem import duty, the tax base can be reduced through underinvoicing.
The recount began on January 16, 2008 after New Hampshire Secretary of State Bill Gardner received $27,000 from Kucinich.
In that case, the candidate would likely demand a recount of the votes or other investigations into the alleged fraud.
However a recount resulted in a tie with both Bezanson and Tidman receiving 3735 votes.
Ingham County was the first county to complete their recount.
Mercedes (Amber Riley) and Sam (Chord Overstreet) separately recount their summer relationship to their friends, singing "Summer Nights".
Jay Love unlikely to seek recount in 2nd District loss to Bobby Bright.
The Court appointed the Deputy-Marshall to conduct a recount.
Many veterans can recount a conversion day or C-Day.
More recently, the county acquired national attention during the 2000 presidential election, when a controversial recount occurred.
The Secretary of State issued the order for a recount on Monday, December 6.
Ian Cole was elected as his replacement at a recount on 27 April 1974.
Oral histories recount how various people used divine power to command the statues to walk.
In many police stations, he did in fact recount false assaults.
So far, only in the gubernatorial elections of 1980 and 2004 has a recount taken place.
Salmon requested a recount, and on December 21, 2006, he was declared the winner by a margin of 102 votes.
He was defeated in 1913 but returned in a recount following the death of John Davies in 1914.
An official recount was held November 5 and was still found to be a tie.
Klain was portrayed by Kevin Spacey in the HBO film Recount depicting the tumult of the 2000 presidential election.
After the 2004 election, Badnarik, working with Green Party candidate David Cobb, sought a recount of the Ohio vote.
Before the 5 pm deadline on November 14, Volusia County completed its manual recount and certified its results.
Case won the recount by 3,507 votes.
The Florida recount was stopped a few weeks later by the U.S. Supreme Court.
Some party members were concerned that a recount would damage the public perception of the Libertarian party.
About two years after the war, Aanenson met a new neighbor who started to recount the story.
Obenshain requested a recount, and conceded on December 18, 2013, after Herring's lead grew in the recount to 810 votes.
Immediately following the election Stevenson filed a motion with the Illinois Supreme Court for a state paid recount.
The events of the late afternoon and evening hours are difficult to recount.
One of the two patients was too sick and the accuracy of her recount could not be verified.
PC Leader Rob Lantz says he will 'probably ask for recount' after loss.
He represented James Florio during the recount for the 1981 gubernatorial election.
The recount confirmed the result, but by a narrower margin.
After a recount, Gingrich prevailed by 980 votes, with a 51% to 49% result.
As the margin was within the 2% range, there was a recount.
He represented Thomas Kean during the recount for the 1981 gubernatorial election.
However, since Obama already won the election, there had been no indications to suggest that he would request a recount.
In 1850, he published his first book, the California Sketches that recount his skeptical observations of the Gold Rush.
Because of this, losing candidate Lorene Coates asked for a recount.
Ethnohistoric sources recount the process of prismatic blade production.
Tours of the prison show aspects of prison life and recount successful and attempted escapes.
The later five books recount previously unrecorded adventures from her original three visits.
However, Lukaszuk appealed the recount three times, to the Alberta Court of Appeals, disputing a number of rejected ballots.
The following day it was announced that the recount resulted in another tie.
The ballots are then transported back to the Returning Officer for the electorate for a mandatory recount.
Participants within a study were able to recount previous luxury driving experiences due to its high involvement.
Incumbent Mary Landrieu was elected in 1996 following a recount and was narrowly re-elected in 2002 in a runoff election.
Coleman declared himself the victor, and suggested that Franken waive his right to a recount.
The beneficiary of the recount, as determined by the High Court on 10 March 2017, was Culleton's brother-in-law, Peter Georgiou.
Still, despite the total recount in 25,000 settlements, only 4,887 previously unenumerated persons were found.
The first independent recount of undervotes was conducted by the Miami Herald and USA Today.
History does not recount any incidents of cholera until the 19th century.
It appears that, sometimes one needs to wait until adulthood to be able to recount one's childhood dreams."
In Rupe's recount of this injury, he believes it happened in 1986 but he is in error.
Riley's victory was controversial, and caused many commentators to recall the Florida election recount of 2000.
It is also a recount of the author's personal journey from disliking spiders to being fascinated by them.
After demanding a recount, West finally conceded the election to Murphy on November 20, 2012.
Immediately after the election, a recount was ordered by the Guam Election Commission.
Harry Holgate was elected as his replacement at a recount on 29 July 1974.
The recount was to be completed by 7 p.m. on December 5.
Buzzi's slim margin of victory led to a recount and a judicial injunction against results in six precincts.
In 1965 he initially appeared to have won, but a recount showed that he had lost by 21 votes.
Chandu has to recount only losses in his life, as Aromal ensures his sister is not married to Chandu.
The recount did not change the outcome, with Harman's lead shrinking to 225 votes.
Kloppenburg requests recount in state Supreme Court raceProsser wins recount in Wisconsin Supreme Court raceNate Silver (2011-04-08).
After a recount, he won by eight votes.
Peter Inverso won't seek recount in 14th District election loss to Sen.
The vote was so close that a recount was performed, and ballots were carefully scrutinized.
Pennsylvania Republicans demanded a hand recount, which ended on December 22 with Mcilivaine Smith being officially certified as the winner.
They frequently recount stories used in wayang.
After the votes were certified, Whitehead declined to ask for a recount despite the narrow margin.
The Lavender Scare, directed by Josh Howard, was a documentary planned to recount the events of the Lavender Scare.
However, a recount resulted in the result being reversed, with Hugh Valentine being elected.
There, Adams agreed to recount his story in exchange for finances and security to travel home to New York.
In the morning, Eli asked Samuel to honestly recount to him what he had been told by the Lord.
McLean was personally defeated in by New Democrat Peter Burtniak, after a recount, by 41 votes.
After a lengthy recount Thompson lost the general election to Mark Grisanti.
But the near stalemate in Minnesota led to a recount that was settled only on June 30, 2009.
Since the results showed that he was only 600 votes behind, he requested a recount.
But Doreen and Rene survived to recount their adventures.
Tim continues to work on films, the latest being The Year of Getting to Know Us and HBO's Recount.
The result of the election was not changed through the recount, as no serious errors were determined.
Pepper's ability to recount fascinating stories with simple melodies impressed him.
In a recount, Baker was declared the winner by 266 votes, but Smith appealed to the Cherokee Supreme Court.
Ian Braid was elected as his replacement at a recount on 14 July 1975.
During the recount it was determined that 1,375 WA Senate ballot papers could not be located.
Interpretative kiosks recount the history and a photograph of what was on that particular site more than a century ago.
Many sources recount his virtuosity as a theorbo player.
Republican candidate Albert Howard also requested a recount in the Republican primary.
On November 30, 2016, the North Carolina State Board of Elections ordered a recount of certain votes in Durham County.
However a recount was held and Stevenson gained five more votes for a total of 601.
Nevada's partial-recount was completed December 8, finding no significant discrepancies.
Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) can determine the extent of tendon degeneration, and may show differential diagnoses such as bursitis.
The CCI tool provides users an easy way to categorize ICD-9-CM/ICD-10-CM diagnoses codes into two categories: chronic or not chronic.
After originally believing Joe had hearing problems, their otolaryngologist refers Joe to a specialist who diagnoses him with autism.
Following a number of false diagnoses, she was found to have ovarian cancer in October 1986.
For a thorough survey of Mozart's health history, with an M.D.'s proposed diagnoses, see Davies 1984.
Soon afterwards, following a series of incorrect diagnoses, Susan is diagnosed with multiple sclerosis.
His works started the Cyptogamic Italian Flora, a series of books which describes and diagnoses fungi.
Also, early and more accurate diagnoses save cost due to reduced consultations, referrals to secondary care, misdiagnosis, and emergency admissions.
GeoSentinel Sites, located on five continents, participate in surveillance and monitoring of travelers to detect alarming diagnoses or atypical events.
Each psychiatrist gives one of possibly five diagnoses to each patient.
Bowen even focused on the prodromal states that precede medical diagnoses.
The diagnoses of two hearing examinations in March 1975 was hearing loss in both ears.
Part two, Theories, Predictions, and Diagnoses, describes the problems of prediction.
Radiographic evaluation of the elbow should be performed to rule out other diagnoses.
He resigned his position in 1901 after allegations that his conclusive bubonic plague diagnoses were scaremongering.
Walker has argued that psychiatric diagnoses are nothing but linguistic abstractions.
Stan goes to the doctor, who, after examining him, diagnoses him as a "cynical asshole".
Although the taxonomy was revised to accommodate new diagnoses, in 1994 it became apparent that an overhaul was needed.
In The Moral Problem Smith diagnoses a longstanding tension between the apparent objectivity and practicality of moral judgments.
Grey exhibits a knack for catching subtle hints and accurately determining difficult-to-catch diagnoses.
Doctor John Seward diagnoses him as a "zoophagous maniac", or carnivorous madman.
Testing is not always needed for diagnosis, because the symptoms are sufficient to distinguish the disease from other diagnoses.
This database provided a depository for historical data of diagnoses, research, treatments and results.
Foreman then admits that he couldn't resist overruling one of House's diagnoses, just like House predicted.
Cardiovascular technologists (also known as a cardiovascular technician or vascular technologist) is a health professional who diagnoses cardiovascular problems.
Its use was not found to mask serious diagnoses.
The success of treatment depends on the correct diagnoses.
In most clinical diagnoses these signs are seldom noticed.
He has an obsession with giving diagnoses to almost everyone.
Most diagnoses are made by identifying the appearance of the worm or eggs in feces.
The DSM-5 diagnoses for communication disorders completely rework the ones stated above.
Vinnie visits doctor James Fraser (Michael Piccirilli), who diagnoses him with testicular cancer.
It criticized proposed diagnoses as "clearly based largely on social norms, with 'symptoms' that all rely on subjective judgements.
Jenna can't sing well due to "the yips" that Pete diagnoses her with (as he too suffers from them).
Cholangiocarcinoma accounts for approximately 2% of all cancer diagnoses, with an overall incidence of 1.2/100,000 individuals.
Furthermore, pediatric diagnoses are not distinguished from adult diagnoses except for sleep-related breathing disorders.
Pinkel said he was resigning due to health reasons, citing his diagnoses with lymphoma earlier in May.
Telepathology has been successfully used for many applications, including the rendering of histopathology tissue diagnoses at a distance.
This included 22 diagnoses and would be revised several times by the APA over the years.
At her father's (Tim Matheson) insistence, she sees a physician who diagnoses her as anemic.
Doctors later discovered she actually had Lewy body dementia; both the Parkinson's and Alzheimer's diagnoses were incorrect.
When blood begins to appear from everywhere, Meredith diagnoses herself in as being in DIC.
The doctor diagnoses him as physically and mentally disabled, unable to walk or talk and having no capacity for thought.
Critics often allege that Westernized, white, male-dominated psychiatric practices and diagnoses disadvantage and misunderstand those from other groups.
House diagnoses Flynn with tularemia from his rabbits.
She goes to see Dr. Young, who diagnoses functional euphonia, a speaking disorder caused by shocking news.
He diagnoses it as "Cosmic Rust", and uses some of the formula on Megatron.
Following thirteen years of usage McMinn reports 96% success with his BHRs in all patients and all diagnoses.
Working with the substance abuse patients and other Axis I and Axis II diagnoses.
Juliet diagnoses him with appendicitis and deems an appendectomy necessary.
Progressively weaker responses are consistent with diagnoses moving through borderline diagnoses to lepromatous HD.
The term anxiety covers a range of difficulties and several specific diagnoses, including panic attacks, phobias, and generalized anxiety disorder.
There are many types of sacral diagnoses, such as torsion and shear.
Complications ensue, such as male breast development, and after several false diagnoses the patient is saved.
During a routine check they are confronted with a terrifying diagnoses.
Children born to mothers with undertreated Hyperemesis have a fourfold increase in neurobehavioral diagnoses.
It includes the research diagnoses of recurrent brief depression, and minor depressive disorder listed below.
The vehicle computer diagnoses the tram, displays the speedometer, gives access to the sander status and more.
These offenders are diagnosed as chronically mentally ill with diagnoses including schizophrenia, psychotic, bipolar or major affective disorder.
Angiography is typically not necessary, unless it is required to rule out other diagnoses.
The linkage of MEDCIN data elements through the use of describing many diagnoses in the diagnostic index creates multiple hierarchies.
Critics have questioned the validity and credibility of the study, but concede that the consistency of psychiatric diagnoses needs improvement.
Obesity and weight gain as an adult are associated with breast cancer diagnoses.
The doctor diagnoses the young gangster with tuberculosis, and convinces him to begin treatment (and quit boozing and womanizing).
Trends in diagnoses among men who have sex with men remain constant.
The diagnoses codes selected from the extraction are generally compiled and sequenced in order to represent the admission.
Detects, diagnoses and mitigates DNS (Domain Name System) security and configuration issues for an organization and its Extended Enterprise.
He had been given various diagnoses over time including paranoid schizophrenia and manic-depressive psychosis.
In the absence of limping, loss of mobility, or physical signs, laboratory investigation to exclude other diagnoses is not warranted.
The primary diagnoses treated are HIV/AIDS or related complications, TB, malaria, diarrheal diseases, and parasites.
Furthermore, pediatric diagnoses are not distinguished from adult diagnoses except for sleep-related breathing disorders.
The Strange Situation Protocol is a research, not a diagnostic, tool and the resulting attachment classifications are not 'clinical diagnoses.'
Functional disability associated with the diagnoses appeared to be largely due to co-occurring mental disorders (Axis I in the DSM).
Further procedures are required to confirm the presence of pulmonary hypertension and exclude other possible diagnoses.
After the Queen Bee dies, her successor diagnoses his condition as schizophrenia and arrests him.
The psychiatric history frequently contains multiple previous diagnoses of various disorders and treatment failures.
She occasionally worked with certain therapies and used these in her diagnoses.
The diagnoses led to Roddy becoming a spokesperson for early detection of cancer in his last years.
This definitively diagnoses AD by identifying amyloid plaques and tau tangles, and also notes other common comorbidities.
The majority of diagnoses of CCM are in adults; however, 25% of cases of CCM are children.
Subsequent to his admission, he received a variety of diagnoses including drug-induced psychosis, bipolar disorder and schizophrenia.
The main histologic differential diagnoses are pigmented spindle cell nevus and malignant melanoma.
The pathogenesis of C. canimorsus is still largely unknown, but increased clinical diagnoses have fostered an interest in the bacillus.
The disease accounts for only 0.6% of cancer diagnoses but 5% of gynecologic cancers in the United States.
She initially began by treating her own children, with her grandmother's guidance to confirm her diagnoses.
Incorrect diagnoses include migraines, meningitis, Chiari malformation and psychiatric disorders.
It includes nursing interventions which are focused on the etiologic or risk factors of the identified nursing diagnoses.
At least one report suggests an increase in veterans receiving transgender-related diagnoses in VHA since the transgender policy was released.
Presumptive diagnoses may be made based on the observation of clinical signs.
With this information psychological diagnoses are more easily given than with the general population that has less consistent monitoring.
Smith uses his name as a base for building abstract imagery.
The Group intended to promote Welsh radical and abstract modern art (and successfully did so into the 21st century).
Both stances are verbalized with the same abstract vocabulary.
In later years he became less prolific, and unsuccessfully attempted to establish himself as an abstract artist.
As a sculptor, Ruud Kuijer became famous for his abstract sculptures in which he often incorporated recognisable shapes.
JFC consists of the Abstract Window Toolkit (AWT), Swing and Java 2D.
The theory on optical transfer functions presented in section 4 is somewhat abstract.
Indeterminates are useful in abstract algebra for generating mathematical structures.
The melody of his compositions often seem abstract, similar to Canadian visual art from his early years.
The "Abstract factory pattern" instead is a method to build collections of factories.
EFSA later modified the abstract to correct this error, though the press release remains unchanged.
Later in his life his art frequently also included abstract painting.
The idea of HNN extension has been extended to other parts of abstract algebra, including Lie algebra theory.
The i-stems descended from PIE nouns in -is, many of which were feminine abstract nouns in -tis.
Roman numerals thus abstract chord progressions, making them independent of the key, so can easily be transposed.
In Paris during the 1920s, Moffat collaborated with Man Ray, producing portraits and abstract photograms or "rayographs".
Rather, Siddhartha's insights into old age, sickness and death were abstract considerations.
Jarmo is a two-player abstract strategy board game.
Whitehead's lemma is a technical result in abstract algebra used in algebraic K-theory.
Il Lee is best known for his ballpoint pen artwork; large-scale abstract imagery on paper and canvas.
The environments were abstract, with simple gameplay focused on hopping from trampoline-like platforms.
Tumarkin's sculpture still dealt with it, but began to express it in a variety of more abstract ways.
Indeed, there exist abstract ovals which can not lie in any projective plane.
Quantum tic-tac-toe became the most thoroughly studied abstract quantum system and offered insights that spawned new research.
Ming Mang is a two-player abstract strategy board game from Tibet.
Self-awareness appears to be a sign of abstract thinking.
His works have been shown in solo and group shows featuring a range from abstract impressionism to pop art.
By this time his work had become totally abstract and he was focusing on ideas and systems.
In 1926, she created Etude-Bach, her first abstract ballet.
Moreover, different abstract machines define different primitive operations, which are operations that can be performed in constant time.
Jack Coulter (born 1994) is an abstract expressionist painter and photographer from Belfast.
Then this abstract measure is combined with the subjective probabilities through a linear combination of the utilities.
He studied European abstract painting styles, which influenced his increasingly socially concerned themes.
An abstract painting, it shows willows or trees swaying in the wind.
Dimitri Kourouniotis (born 1965 in Greece) is a contemporary artist based in San Francisco specializing in abstract paintings.
Hopewell artists created both abstract and realistic portrayals of the human form.
In 1825, Navarrete published the abstract with expanded abbreviations, spelled out numerals, proper punctuation and modernized spelling.
This series was noted at the time for their abstract presentation of the female body, and representation of sexual consciousness.
Innocent said that he change his drawing to more abstract and figuration drawing.
Encoding rules specify the representation of these abstract values as a series of bits.
Pediatr Res 33, 184A, 1993 (abstract #1089).
The learning characteristics are abstract conceptualization and active experimentation.
Godwin is considered a third-generation abstract expressionist.
Contains diary entries, autobiographical writing, photographs and abstract poetry.
Av Reyni introduced cubism, abstract expressionism and suprematism to the Faroes.
With an abstract of the discussion upon the paper.
He soon focused into a most peculiar style, using geometric abstract forms and switching from oil paint to tempera.
Kotu Ellima is a two-player abstract strategy board game from Sri Lanka and India.
Loizides' work falls into the category of geometrical abstract art.
Newgrange contains various examples of abstract Neolithic rock art carved onto it which provide decoration.
Bachman's work is typically abstract, displaying futurism.
Due to AIDS, the baths are presented as an "abstract farce machine" and jokes about sexually transmitted diseases are dropped.
Rimbaud's style and syntactical choices pointed to Symbolist tendencies, including the use of abstract plural nouns.
Gorin participated in many other exhibitions of abstract art in Europe and the United States.
He wanted to keep it more abstract because for him it was very abstract.
These tapestries are notable for their abstract designs, unusual colors, and technical complexity.
He is known for his often large-scale abstract paintings and found-object sculptures.
Abstract masks and hoods are also employed to help define the characters.
The stars on it are an abstract representation of Latin American countries, and "happiness, celebrations and optimism."
Kedrin is an abstract expressionist (or "mystical abstract romanticist"), and creates both paintings and sculpture.
Postmodern architects may regard many modern buildings as soulless and bland, overly simplistic and abstract.
In abstract algebra, a Boolean algebra or Boolean lattice is a complemented distributive lattice.
Kasimir Malevich completed his first entirely abstract work, the Suprematist, 'Black Square', in 1915.
Fifteenth Census of the United States: 1930: Abstract of the Fifteenth Census of the United States.
She gave us a lot of abstract themes to work with.
Position 2 preverbs are arranged semantically along a scale from abstract to concrete.
As a painter, he is known for his colorful abstract works, often emphasizing the colors blue and red.
Thus, people with Schizophrenia have trouble making inferences about social situations and settings that deal with abstract aspects.
It was based on the painter's intention to create a certain design out of an abstract process.
Agricola I is an abstract sculpture by American artist David Smith.
His abstract sculpture, Pendant Line, has been shown inside Salisbury Cathedral in the exhibition, 'Liminality', in 2010.
On this analysis, the abstract "good" in the first horn of the Euthyphro dilemma is an unnecessary obfuscation.
Four abstract works, titled Caravan, are displayed beside each of the two escalators to the train platforms.
Deduction board games typically fall into two broad categories; abstract and investigation games.
Echoing John Henry Newman, Muhlenberg believed that "there can be no such thing as Christianity in the abstract."
Therefore, the artist neither performs in narrative scripts, nor composes after effects of rhetoric of the proper abstract image.
He is known for his abstract expressionist ceramic sculptures, which crossed the traditional divide between ceramic crafts and fine art.
An abstract data structure is a collection, or aggregate, of data.
Police Gazette is a 1955 abstract painting by Willem de Kooning, which is currently in private hands.
She is well known for her architecturally inspired knitted wall hangings that were very abstract.
The suit led to legal changes permitting the importation of abstract art free of duty.
He creates both figurative and abstract sculptures in marble, metal and wood.
In his Foundations of Algebraic Geometry, Weil defined an abstract algebraic variety using valuations.
On the even numbered cards, the abstract curved lines are all that is present.
The other parts of Vedas are the Samhitas (benedictions, hymns), Brahmanas (commentary), and the Upanishads (spirituality and abstract philosophy).
Goldoni's main characters are no abstract examples of human virtue, nor monstrous examples of human vice.
The full annotations are only shown when the user selects an abstract.
The Nash embedding theorem embeds an abstract Riemannian manifold isometrically in an Euclidean space.
Here he was introduced to Abstract Expressionism.
My problem was to abstract away the detail.
The city is known for its annual Rodeo and Mardi Gras street parade every August.
Lenox is home to the Lenox Rodeo held annually by the Lenox Stock and Saddle Club.
Rodeo is trying to be on good terms with the Gold Team Alliance but sways towards the Stallionare Alliance.
The Battle of Fuente del Rodeo was the first armed encounter against Haiti in the Dominican War of Independence.
In 1948, the Girl's Rodeo Association was started by a group of Texas ranch women.
The Rodeo is held traditionally on or around the 4th of July.
Several unsuccessful attempts to restart the rodeo occurred in the 1990s.
Following the American Civil War, rodeo competitions emerged, with the first held in Cheyenne, Wyoming in 1872.
Arana later moved to the Rancho Arroyo del Rodeo, a few miles to the east.
This is because the Tiger wranglers host the UWA College Rodeo Showdown at the Don C. Hines Rodeo Complex.
In 1984 Anderson started rehearsals with Blue Rodeo.
With all of the attention rodeo began to get from the media, animal rights concerns escalated.
In 2011, Pentimento signed Indiana-based indie rock band Rodeo Ruby Love.
Cowboys consider performing in front of over 20,000 fans daily to be the highlight of the rodeo season.
Parsons left the group in February 1968, to join The Byrds to record their Sweetheart of the Rodeo album.
Other activities, such as hockey, rodeo, and baseball, are offered through the community.
Flank cinches were added after the rodeo sports of calf roping and team roping became popular.
For the month of October, the annual Destin Fishing Rodeo draws anglers to Destin each year since 1948.
The annual Pannawonica Robe River Rodeo, in September, attracts an average of 1500 people from all over Australia.
Burwell is host to "Nebraska's Big Rodeo", an annual event usually held the last weekend of July.
Chilean rodeo is different from the rodeo found in North America.
Hedeman filled his PRCA permit at one rodeo in 1983 as a bronc rider.
The remaining women celebrate, but Rodeo realizes she misses her 7-year-old son.
The rodeo clown goes back to the old western stories, where cowboys play tricks and tell lies.
Welling is the historic site of the world's first side-delivery rodeo bucking chute.
Glenwood City is home to the St. Croix County Fair in July, and also hosts a PRCA Rodeo each June.
Many rodeo cowboys are also working cowboys and most have working cowboy experience.
He also gave sharpshooting exhibitions at such events as the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo.
During the depths of the Depression, the rodeo publication "Hoofs and Horns," estimated the average cowboy's earnings at $2,000-$3,000 annually.
He won the bull riding title in the Kansas High School Rodeo Association after two years as reserve champion.
It also hosts the National Finals Rodeo annually.
Occasionally, they travel on the Professional Rodeo Cowboys Association rodeo circuit, of which O'Neal is a part.
Fair events include arts and craft contests, vegetable and crop contests, parade, carnival, rodeo, concerts, and queen contests.
In the 1970s, rodeo saw unprecedented growth.
Coffeyville Community College offers football, basketball, baseball, softball, cross country, track and field, golf, volleyball, rodeo, and soccer.
Monroe's confidant and masseur, Ralph Roberts, was cast as an ambulance attendant in the film's rodeo scene.
Women's teams include volleyball, basketball, track, cross-country, tennis, golf, rodeo and skiing.
There are strict standards for the selection, care and treatment of rodeo livestock, arenas, plus equipment requirements and specifications.
Exhibits include historic photographs, saddles, rodeo artifacts, and cowboy gear.
Batwing chaps are often seen on rodeo contestants, particularly those who ride bucking stock.
Crawford starred in her first film in 1929, when she appeared opposite Hoot Gibson in King of the Rodeo.
This has always been a special rodeo in my family.
The school offers sports programs in football, soccer, softball, baseball, men's basketball, women's basketball, rodeo, and golf.
Quarter horses compete well in rodeo events such as barrel racing, calf roping and team roping; and gymkhana or O-Mok-See.
On the edge of town is a municipal park with camping sites and a rodeo arena and grounds.
The "Rodeo Collection," a 45 store, 70,000 square foot shopping mall opened in 1983 at 421 N. Rodeo Drive.
During the tournament, The Smoking Gunns were forced to withdraw when Bart Gunn was injured in a rodeo accident.
Hazlewood attempted to prevent Parsons' vocal tracks from appearing on the Sweetheart of the Rodeo album.
Founded in 1929, it is the world's first indoor rodeo.
Until the mid-1930s, every rodeo was independent and selected its own events from among nearly one hundred different contests.
As a rodeo champion, Wolford set the all-time speed record for calf roping at Madison Square Garden in the 1950s.
The Ellensburg Rodeo has been a town tradition since 1923, and is the largest rodeo in Washington state.
Animal welfare groups have called animal deaths "depressingly predictable" and seek a boycott of the rodeo.
In 1903, Knight built Canada's first rodeo arena and grandstand and became the first rodeo producer and rodeo stock contractor.
The Fiesta de los Vaqueros marks the beginning of the rodeo season in the United States.
The show features championship rodeo action, livestock competitions, concerts, a carnival, pig racing, barbecue and the Rodeo Uncorked!
Alice at the Rodeo (February 21, 1927) features Alice and Julius in a rodeo.
Archived from Rodeo Hall of Fame the original on May 29, 2007.
The reserve has a small rancherie, or residential area, and a rodeo grounds used for the Marble Canyon Rodeo.
In 1974, he hired a then unknown Reba McEntire to sing the National Anthem at the National Rodeo Finals.
These four associations seated the Oklahoma Gay Rodeo Association at its first convention held in the same year.
Earl Bascom, Hollywood actor, artist, sculptor, inventor, rodeo pioneer who lived and cowboyed in Hayden in the 1930s.
The West Village/Rodeo Grounds area lies on the North and West sides of Gull Lake.
In 2008 Ludvig competed in the Erzberg Rodeo for the first time, competing seven times through the 2014 event.
There were far fewer women than men in rodeo, so women's events were cut.
In 1967 & 1968 he finished 3rd in the Professional Rodeo Cowboys Association (PRCA) World Standings.
Album credits adapted from Rodeo digital booklet.
The rodeo has generated large crowds and high quality competitors.
In Chile they organize annual marches against the mistreatment undergone by young bulls in the Chilean rodeo.
In the United States, ear cropping, tail docking, rodeo sports, and other acts are legal and sometimes condoned.
Trump also hosted rodeo competitions between local ranch hands.
Before he was involved in horseracing he was a championship Rodeo bullrider.
She reportedly left Mateen and joined relatives in Rodeo, California, by December 2015.
Barretos hosts annually the most famous rodeo festival in the country, the Festa do Peao de Barretos.
She studied the violin, was rodeo queen, and took lessons in elocution with Ida Lou Anderson.
In addition to the woolen mills, Pendleton is also famous for its annual rodeo, the Pendleton Round-Up.
The Finley Rodeo Committee holds an annual rodeo every January and Finley Apex Club hosts a tractor pull every February.
The Jacksonville Fishing Rodeo, begun in 2010, is a popular family-oriented event held in June.
During this time socialite Carol Randall is elected Queen of the Helldorado Rodeo and is also made a deputy sheriff.
Competitors compete for prize money and the title of All Around Cowboy and Cowgirl at each rodeo.
In 1923, the Molalla Buckeroo Association was formed and took over the operation of the Rodeo.
The men's & women's rodeo team compete across the country and earned 3rd place at Nationals in 2007.
It also hosts the annual Rodeo Drive Festival of Watches and Jewelry.
From his rodeo career earnings, Shoulders bought a 400-acre (1.6 km²) ranch in Oklahoma where he raised livestock.
Pop is worried that his son Tex is destroying their rodeo through his irresponsible drinking and gambling.
The Shaunavon Rodeo Grounds serve as the backdrop for the annual Shaunavon Pro Rodeo.
Higher density regions of the interstellar medium form clouds, or diffuse nebulae, where star formation takes place.
L. mexicana can induce the cutaneous and diffuse cutaneous clinical manifestations in humans.
Tiny, diffuse metastases that often coincide with cancers are usually not affected by cryotherapy.
The markings are ochreous, very diffuse and poorly defined.
It also allows for very narrow depth-of-field and diffuse bokeh.
The transverse pale bands on both wings are broad and diffuse.
Loose-textured tissue allows red blood cells released from damaged vessles to diffuse through the necrotic tissue.
The nebulous galaxy features a bright central bulge and diffuse arms with distinct star-forming regions.
Should the "C" team no longer be able to function, administrative control of the agency could diffuse to regional offices.
On the lower floors, Shinsu is diffuse and inconspicuous, similar to air.
Her glass plates benefitted from her careful use of diffuse artificial light.
The ground colour of the forewings is pearl creamy with glossy diffuse lines along the markings and pale ochreous suffusions.
Intellect/intuition, analytic/holistic, convergent/divergent, abstract/concrete, focal/diffuse, objective/subjective, etc.
Radiosity was perhaps the first rendering algorithm in widespread use which accounted for diffuse indirect lighting.
The water that leaves the cells is eventually frozen, causing more water to diffuse out of the cell.
For this, they coined the term diffuse element method (DEM).
Gamma rays cause damage at a cellular level and are penetrating, causing diffuse damage throughout the body.
As the body ages, melanocyte distribution becomes less diffuse and its regulation less controlled by the body.
This includes direct sunlight, diffuse sky radiation, and (often) both of these reflected from the Earth and terrestrial objects.
The first instrument that was able to measure diffuse X-ray emission was the HEAO A2 (High Energy Astrophysical Observatory).
Their anions and cations appear to diffuse within compartmentalized layers or micelles instead of freely as in a uniform liquid.
CHP leader Kemal Kilicdaroglu, along with other members of the CHP executive, managed to diffuse the tensions.
At high temperature and high hydrogen partial pressure, hydrogen can diffuse into carbon steel alloys.
The problems feeding the violence in Dagestan are therefore a diffuse blend of ethnic, religious, generational, criminal, and authoritarian causes.
Colour is whitish with diffuse, pale brown flames and blotches.
The expanding shell of gas forms a supernova remnant, a special diffuse nebula.
External atmosphere composition can also influence the aging; hydrogen can diffuse through nickel housing.
The forewings are light-brown with a stroky pattern and diffuse white spots.
An example of the distinction between specular and diffuse reflection would be glossy and matte paints.
The gland affected has a diffuse swelling.
The dissolved gas molecules have a preference to diffuse to activation sites that have nucleated first.
The anal fold and cubitus are blackish brown and the orbicular spot is diffuse blackish brown.
This decoupled source generates very high density plasma which is allowed to diffuse into a separate process chamber.
The Lalemand Behaviour Scale is a secondary prevention strategy used to recognise and diffuse episodes of challenging behaviour.
In this case, the diffuse layer potential will increase upon approach.
Terzan has also discovered 158 diffuse nebulae, 124 galaxies, and 1428 high proper motion stars.
Ammonia may itself diffuse across the renal tubules, combine with a hydrogen ion, and thus allow for further acid excretion.
Areas in which diffuse knapweed has been established generally are plains rangelands or forest benchlands.
One of the first influences humans had on diffuse knapweed was to inadvertently introduce it to North America.
The university leadership stepped in to diffuse what it saw as a potentially explosive situation.
Diffuse reflection is typically characterized by omni-directional reflection angles.
The less bound a drug is, the more efficiently it can traverse cell membranes or diffuse.
Physical control of diffuse knapweed primarily comprises cutting, digging or burning to remove the plants.
The particles diffuse through the material to form Pt particle surfaces, which may serve as catalyst support layers.
Phosphorus also traps gold atoms, which otherwise quickly diffuse through silicon and act as recombination centers.
Venter cream with two distinct rows of large, diffuse dark gray spots.
Insights into the dynamics of hereditary diffuse leukoencephalopathy with axonal spheroids.
Diffuse irregular narrowing of the main pancreatic duct, and stenosis of the intrapancreatic bile duct on endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP).
They were the first to use the term "diffuse" for the lines.
The cytoplasm may contain diffuse glycogen, and chromatid bodies are absent.
The antibiotic will diffuse in the area surrounding each tablet, and a disc of bacterial lysis will become visible.
The Historia, though written in a diffuse style, furnishes a mass of information collected at first hand.
Rudd may furthermore have feared regional escalations in conflict and attempted to diffuse these via an "Asia-Pacific Union."
To diffuse among people the knowledge of the laws inherent in the Universe.
The interior, lit by diffuse light, is illuminated by cracks in the apse and the rose window.
Appearance of focal or diffuse presence of pleomorphic and anaplastic cells is the hallmark of this neuroblastoma variant.
In diffuse light (i.e. under cloud or fog), tracking has little or no value.
Expression of UCH-L1 is highly specific to neurons and to cells of the diffuse neuroendocrine system and their tumors.
And, when a colored object has both diffuse and specular reflection, usually only the diffuse component is colored.
Sometimes, however, his style is diffuse, and becomes tedious and obscure.
Fulvic acids are poly-electrolytes and are unique colloids that diffuse easily through membranes whereas all other colloids do not.
Similar, but the tawny yellow on the upperside paler, the markings larger and somewhat diffuse.
During this time solutes (such as interstitial particles) diffuse around the dislocations further strengthening the obstacles held on the dislocations.
High values of comfort imply more diffuse lighting; the light comes from many directions.
The upperside of the hindwing is black with two diffuse white bands.
During the second, most densification occurs, the structure recrystallizes and particles diffuse into each other.
Boron, phosphorus, silicon and carbon lower melting point and rapidly diffuse to base metals.
Solving this system yields the radiosity, or brightness, of each patch, taking into account diffuse interreflections and soft shadows.
The sperm and ejaculatory fluids diffuse through the female's hemolymph.
The style is diffuse, but the interest is well sustained.
Diffuse traumatic injury can result in diffuse or more moderate gliosis without scar formation.
Only the purity of music seems able to diffuse Lorena's moody resentment toward her father's years of absence.
The molecular weight of FAM76A is 38.4 kDa, making it possible for this protein to diffuse through nuclear pores.
During this process water is added to the emulsion which causes the solvent to diffuse.
The Eagle Nebula is part of a diffuse emission nebula, or H II region, which is catalogued as IC 4703.
Polyphosphate and pyrophosphate were possibly small enough to diffuse into obcells.
The underside hindwings of the females shows a diffuse clear or whitish band, strongly dentate.
As polymerization proceeds, the polyaniline nanofibers will diffuse into the water layer, leaving the reactive interface.
Esophageal motility study is useful in cases of achalasia and diffuse esophageal spasms.
Over the next hours, Fred became increasingly diffuse as a result of its progressively worsening surroundings.
Diffuse light is thought to be more important for seedling growth than sunflecks.
Her claim to not ask too much serves as a "conciliatory strategy to diffuse opposition" (Hamilton 2001:149).
Another distinction is made between focal areas and diffuse involvement of the bladder.
Being a diffuse object, its visibility is strongly affected by small amounts of light pollution.
The ground colour of the forewings is grey with whitish grey suffusions and diffuse grey strigulation (fine streaks).
Two-step flowThe people with most access to media, and highest media literacy explain and diffuse the content to others.
In addition, neuromodulators can diffuse across large distances and still strongly affect function.
Cultural relations both produce and diffuse (soft) power, which varies depending on who is engaging with it.
Protium and deuterium readily diffuse through the alloy membrane.
Like all steroid hormones, estrogens readily diffuse across the cell membrane.
She is the perfect model of nineteenth-century womanhood.
The report explained, the Secret Service "bought their own degree for a perfect terrorist candidate, although theirs was fictional."
In Sword Arts, students attempt to perfect their combat skills by dueling each other.
Urth requests a perfect bell as his fee.
In front of a crowd of more than 63,000 at Shea Stadium, the New York Jets spoiled Oakland's perfect season.
Perfect fluids are idealized models in which these possibilities are neglected.
Rehtmeyer, Inc., becomes Mazza's agent and represents The Perfect Present to publishers.
She produced his television series The Perfect Match.
It is transparent to translucent with perfect cleavage.
Caracortado lost his perfect status when he finished third in the San Felipe Stakes(G2) to Sidney's Candy and Interactif.
The perfect flowers are white to pink, and bear round, fleshy or mealy, bright red to pink fruits called drupes.
The 24-year-old Duremdes became a perfect replacement for Cariaso and a perfect running mate for Lastimosa and Abarrientos.
Esquire contributor Matt Miller praised it as "perfect" for having "Beautiful, sweeping shots of Brazil that are HD AF".
Since Reilly is the only stable clone, Jackal takes a sample of his blood to perfect his cloning technique.
The lens is said to be able to focus sunlight although the focus is far from perfect.
Each of these perfect polyhedra would be in turn composed of triangular faces the 30-60-90 and the 45-45-90 triangles.
Discworld, an animated "point-and-click" adventure game made by Teeny Weeny Games and Perfect 10 Productions in 1995.
They feel that the act of restoring and making perfect may symbolically represent the mission of the disciples.
The video for "We Bomb" was produced by Picture Perfect and features well known graffiti locations throughout New York City.
The 1960s proved a golden period for Mohun Bagan and it concluded in perfect fashion for the Mariners.
Corresponding to each of the past tenses, Persian has a set of perfect tenses.
This whole episode was Maddy living out her perfect day in her head.
Although he has a perfect track record, Cuong's conscience is troubled by the sea of Vietnamese blood he has spilled.
The Fayetteville Guard won a perfect season in 2007 in the NIFL.
On the one side are the true believers in the potential of technology to make individuals ever more perfect.
Verbal aspect marks whether an action is completed (perfect), a completed whole (perfective), or not yet completed (imperfective).
In conditions described as "perfect", Cambridge took an early lead, out-rating Oxford.
Bilguun Ariunbaatar received his second perfect score for the Tango.
Thunder Perfect Mind is an album by the English group Nurse With Wound.
The perfect indicates that an action is complete.
The plot has Rimmer suggesting that the perfect way to help Lister get "healthy" is swapping bodies.
PlaysToSee.com gave the musical a negative review, writing, "However, the show's lushly romantic score scans, rhymes, and is metrically perfect.
14 of these students received a perfect score of 45, which fewer than 0.01% of IB Diploma students receive.
With the pressure relieved, Howard makes the final strike for a perfect game.
The ingredients are there, she just needs to perfect the mix."
Through lack of financial support, they could not make it technically perfect and their prototype sank during the first test.
Thanks to Marc's suggestion, they find the perfect surrogate they can control and who is desperately looking for money; Christina.
The Extended Line was perfect for the final assault, but it was vulnerable if fired upon from the flank.
On 22 January 2007, a mashup made of "Perfect" and Mason's "Exceeder", called Perfect (Exceeder) was released.
Fairground Attraction's song "Perfect" was used for an advertisement on TV.
In addition, Young pitched three no-hitters, including the third perfect game in baseball history, first in baseball's "modern era".
Braden's perfect game took place on May 9, 2010, Mother's Day in the United States.
While not perfect, the Flaming Sword of Samoa became a reality.
But Ace's life is not as perfect as everyone thinks.
According to Vedanta, God as Sat-Chit-Ananda is perfect existence, consciousness, bliss.
The song "Perfect Timing" pays homage to Dashboard Confessional and their song "As Lovers Go".
Nowitzki's performance included an NBA-record for consecutive free throws in a game; he was a perfect 24-for-24 from the line.
Emotive (stylized as eMOTIVe) is the third album by American rock supergroup A Perfect Circle.
Perfect moments can be had, but not preserved, except in memory.
The auctioneer provides for the features of perfect competition: perfect information and no transaction costs.
Each problem was worth 20 points, for a perfect score of 100.
In 1986, he co-wrote "Closest Thing To Perfect", the title track for the John Travolta, Jamie Lee Curtis movie Perfect.
Strength Through Vengeance is third full-length album by Canadian heavy metal band, A Perfect Murder.
The perfect also contrasts with the prospective aspect, which encodes the present relevance or anticipation of a future event.
The other essential elements of a scholar garden were plants, trees, and rocks, all carefully composed into small perfect landscapes.
Fuller and Baker developed methods to perfect the chemical process for large scale manufacturing.
Hester attributes his talent to his mentor, Deion Sanders, who Hester claims helped him perfect his return game.
The oryx were the perfect candidates for the condition of the park.
The group and Billy J Kramer then went to Hamburg to perfect their act.
Harmon published You'll Be Perfect When You're Dead in 2013.
Now the only condition under which cost of production will regulate value is perfect competition.
He told tales with perfect aplomb and in complete paragraphs."
Marie Antoinette would stroll around her perfect world in simple shepherdess garb with her children, part of an idealized Nature.
Chandramathi thinks Lekha will be the perfect wife for her husband and a good mother for her children.
There are also a small number of off-axis unobstructed all-reflecting anastigmats which give optically perfect images.
The past participle is needed to form the Present Perfect.
Wootton stunned the crowd, particularly Cash himself, with perfect renditions of every song.
Hellboy's Doug Jones portrayed the new alien introduced at the end of the season two finale, "A More Perfect Union".
While it's not perfect, 2K9's certainly headed toward another title run."
Mooking has developed a culinary philosophy built on perfect execution of globally inspired culinary traditions.
The Perfect Crime is the eighth studio album by Australian rock band Cold Chisel.
In addition to Natural Cures, Trudeau also hosted an infomercial that features the "Perfect Lift" non-surgical facelift.
These sales are an opportunity to get near perfect merchandise at a fraction of the price.
Glenn Capacio hit a perfect 6-of-6 from the three-point line and scored 24 points.
He wrote:Imagine a society of saints, a perfect cloister of exemplary individuals.
At the age of 16, Plushenko became the youngest male skater to ever receive a perfect score of 6.0.
In that respect, Jessica finds Elizabeth and Todd perfect for each other.
The title character, Little Bill, goes to a musical instrument store with his dad to find his "perfect instrument".
It has one direction of perfect cleavage and exhibits conchoidal fracture.
In 1966, he led the National League with a perfect 1.000 fielding average as pitcher.
The three evangelical counsels or counsels of perfection in Christianity are chastity, poverty (or perfect charity), and obedience.
What followed was a perfect, octaves lower, performance of that part.
He said that "Art is the representation of human beauty, ideally perfect in design, graceful and noble in attitude."
After two time-limit draws, Mr. Perfect defeated Doink in their third match.
Bradley Wete from Entertainment Weekly agreed, further commenting that Lopez is at "her perfect pitch.
It was a perfect time for me to hear that brilliant band.
According to Tarzan creator Edgar Rice Burroughs he was the perfect portrayal of Tarzan.
At the Games on August 14, Watley went a perfect 4/4 with a double and triple vs.
These teams play B-level teams and other house teams and are perfect for developing skater skills.
He wrote: "The song is a perfect synthesis of correct energy quotient, with right amount of voice balance.
This reduplication or perfect-tense augment appears in every part of the verb, not in the indicative only.
At the same time government of Assam decided to increase the undergraduate seats from 65 to 100.
This was predicted and then confirmed to increase the enantioselectivity and activity of metal complexes of SEGPHOS.
The first NZ Forest Act of 1874 was largely in response to concern about the increase in coastal dune invasions.
The latest general speed increase was in March 2015.
Their aim is to increase the consumption of bread and cereals.
However, despite the transmission of the matches gave them an increase in ratings, their fate was sealed.
First, the tempo marking "Etwas rascher" marks an increase in speed and rhythmic energy.
This causes an increase in the intracranial blood volume, thereby causing an increase in intracranial pressure.
On November 4, 2008, voters in King County (Seattle) approved a 0.5% increase in the sales tax.
Elk Lake School District received a 2.82% increase, which was the highest increase in BEF in Susquehanna County.
As urban universities increase in size and complexity, they hire a large staff of city residents.
Refining copper into brass would reduce imports of brass and increase income from exports.
The increase in population and subsequent expansion in irrigated agriculture, and industrial growth necessitated the exploitation of more water resources.
Since consumption of other goods increase, the embodied fuel used in the production of those goods would increase as well.
Thus, oxidation is better defined as an increase in oxidation number, and reduction as a decrease in oxidation number.
Humidity starts to increase from late March.
By reducing the level of SLR, the RBI can increase liquidity with the commercial banks, resulting in increased investment.
An increase in with time (denoted by ) can take place in three ways.
In captivity, this may increase to 17, with an unconfirmed record of 19.
One hundred fifty Pennsylvania school districts received the base 2% increase.
Poor roads increase the cost of doing business, reduce payments to farmers and increase prices to consumers.
Their obvious incompetence in more mundane areas of life only seems to increase their glamour.
In 2007, 193 Medway High School students took the SAT, an increase from previous years.
The three-year increase in income for a typical irrigation pump user is 300 percent, or $600.
As with the inertial approach, fusion is initiated by rapidly squeezing the target to greatly increase fuel density and temperature.
Levels above or below this natural homeostasis of vitamin D increase mortality.
Depending on the type of sensor, the resistance will either increase or decrease.
However, the price of land goes up with every increase in something benefiting the landlord.
Researchers have suggested that early hominins were thus under evolutionary pressure to increase their capacity to create and use tools.
Until 1935 the Familienblatt could increase its circulation to 36,500.
After viewing the museum, the children's hatred of the Japanese people was reported to increase significantly.
In the 2013-2014 school year, the Dunmore School District received a 2.2% increase to $4,056,096 in Pennsylvania Basic Education Funding.
The 2010 U.S. population within 50 miles (80 km) was 1,079,868 (increase of 13.8 percent).
Increase employment share of Muslims, particularly where there is great deal of public dealing.
The population was 561 in the 2013 Census, an increase of 30 from 2006.
In chess engines, NegaScout has typically given a 10 percent performance increase.
In addition, nodes can be easily removed and added to reduce production downtime, increase network flexibility, and decrease troubleshooting time.
This in turn led to an increase in crime and prostitution that has continued to this day.
In 2010, Union Area School District Administration reported an increase to $1,022,615 in the unreserved-undesignated fund balance.
Overidentification of students, in order to increase state funding, has been an issue in the Commonwealth.
Rooney experienced a "200 percent increase in sales" after being featured on the show.
Natural selection based on behaviors that increase hunting success and energetic efficiency would bear a positive influence on reproductive success.
Any battery and additional electronics may increase the size and weight of the headphones compared to regular headphones.
Steering is via a 2:1 ratio system of pulleys that reduce the force required and increase control authority.
Likewise, to concentrate on not smoking is to increase your preoccupation with smoking.
Thanks to the increase of whalers and clipper ships, Americans began to travel all over the world for commercial reasons.
This was a 6.11% increase yielding a $189,481 increase over the previous school year funding.
For countries with above-replacement fertility (greater than 2.1 children per woman), population momentum represents natural increase to the population.
Preliminary CBO estimates indicate that the bill would increase direct spending by $440 billion over the next ten years.
The use of antibiotics to increase the growth of pigs is most studied of all livestock.
This effect will increase over the years and centuries to come.
The goal was to increase truck sales "from today's 280,000 to 415,000 by 2014".
367,000 tickets were sold, a 10% increase on 2011 sales.
An increase (decrease) in labour market frictions will shift the curve outwards (inwards).
The increase in consumption would be fueled by the 1.7% increase in disposable (after-tax) personal income.
SeedsSeed multiplication may be used for the development of new cultivars or to increase the yield of native species.
To increase the production of hydrogen, several tracks are being followed by the researchers.
In response the company says it has strategies in place to produce success and increase its subscription base significantly.
He designed it to increase job enrichment for employees.
As power ratings increase, transformers are often cooled by forced-air cooling, forced-oil cooling, water-cooling, or combinations of these.
The secession issue eventually died down from the nominal tax increase.
The fire spread because of angry rioters protested an increase on the cattle tax.
Some have criticized Plan Patria Segura calling it a failure after crime continued to increase following its implementation.
The rising political tensions resulted in a sharp jump in cocoa prices, up to an increase of 10 percent.
The almost fivefold increase in readership was a remarkable business turnaround, but it was not achieved without difficulty.
Ridership continued to increase, with 1.2 million in 191, and up to 2.16 million in 1945.
Gold nanoparticle bioconjugates are tracers used to increase the sensitivity of the assay.
The increase in secular literature at this time encouraged the spread of lending libraries, especially the commercial subscription libraries.
Dvorak classifications began on July 30 in response to an increase in vertical depth and organization of the convection.
The result is a 16% increase in dividends to the company shareholders.
Land use change like deforestation can increase greenhouse gases through burning biomass.
The latter legislation served to greatly increase the acquisition of waterfowl habitat in California.
Dallas would increase their lead in the second quarter with a 2-yard touchdown run from running back Marion Barber.
These species, in turn, support an increase in raptors.
On the other hand, advertising can lead to an increase in sales thus revenue over a period of time.
Sometime they will call even fake companies just to increase the number of oncampus companies.
CiU supported changes to the Catalan Statute of Autonomy to further increase Catalonia's autonomy.
Lust murderers are likely to repeat the crimes over a long period of time with increase of aggressive paraphilia process.
Such an increase has never happened again.
This was an increase from the previous week's "Where No One Has Gone Before" which received a rating of 10.5.
Actual capital investment 430 million yuan, an increase of 72.3%, actual domestic capital 317 million yuan, an increase of 229%.
This amount was a $233,290,000 increase (4.6%) over the enacted State appropriation for 2010-2011.
Soon after returning to England, Phips joined back up with Increase Mather and again supported him in dealing with Whitehall.
However, 6 out of 10 workers are part of the informal economy, thus limiting the impact of this increase.
These B-29s represented a significant increase in performance over the standard variants.
The surprise leads to an increase in production and employment throughout the economy.
Consider what happens when TCP sends a segment after a sharp increase in delay.
At photon energies greater than 700 keV, the index of refraction starts to increase again.
Even after cardiac bypass surgery, no increase in mortality is seen in the overweight and obese.
Since then, Mousehole has seen an increase in second home ownership and a corresponding decline in resident population.
The first Walmart discount store (now expanded into a Supercenter) in New Jersey opened in 1991 in Turnersville.
Interest rates have been liberalized on deposits, while a lending rate ceiling has been set above the discount rate.
In practice, this discount rate is often determined by reference to similar instruments, provided that such instruments exist.
It's common for most quarter bins to sell $0.25 comics for an even greater discount at five for $1.00.
Due to their low levels of regulated emissions, the greenest cars are eligible for 100% discount under the current system.
The union also has student offers and discount bus passes.
Ed (pronounced E-D, abbreviation of "Europa Discount") was a French brand of discount stores founded in 1978.
Suburban hotels in Toronto are primarily discount variety and is a cross of hotel and motel concept.
In 1990, Walmart opened its first Bud's Discount City location in Bentonville.
He worked in the discount market in the City of London.
Members also receive a preferred rate on AMI/USA publications, and receive a discount from AMI approved Montessori materials distributors.
While the name suggests a relationship with the Italian variety Aleatico, ampelographers currently discount a connection.
Kmart eventually pulled out of the 4c fuel discount offer in July 2010.
Alternatively, a multi-use ticket (either valid a limited time, or indefinitely) may provide a discount.
The discount store shunned shopping carts for many years and discontinued previous plastic trash bin "carts" after many were stolen.
The following year, Shopko acquired Penn-Daniels Inc. and its eighteen Jacks Discount Stores.
The dividend discount model is closely related to both discounted earnings and discounted cashflow models.
Attitudes carries brand names that a better department store would and focuses on the latest looks at discount prices.
Dart Drug is a now-defunct chain of discount drug stores in the metropolitan Washington, DC region.
King also did the ads for the "Book Warehouse" chain of discount book stores, which he owned.
Since OnStar can help with the recovery of a stolen vehicle, some insurance companies recognize this and offer a discount.
At present, 7 and 31 Day Discount M Cards are only available at MCAT Ticket Booth or by mail.
Treasure Island, formerly The Treasury, was a chain of discount stores owned by J.C. Penney.
There is no discount on fares for travel on the Tube, DLR, London Overground, or National Rail.
The park was referenced in The Simpsons episode "Old Money" when the family takes a trip to Discount Lion Safari.
At the same time the Federal Reserve Bank lowered the discount rate 0.5% in a last-minute, early morning conference call.
This article covers the history of Target Corporation, a discount retail chain.
The higher the risk, the higher the discount rate (rate of return) the investor will demand from the investment.
Cunningham was credited by Sam Walton as being the first to design a discount store.
The companies buy bulk water at a discount of about 25% from the retail price and compete for retail customers.
The proper discount rate should represent the opportunity cost of what else the firm could accomplish with those same funds.
This expanded the program from buying counter-drug materials and equipment at a discount to homeland security and emergency response operations.
Multi-trip MetroCards are also available that provide a 5% discount when purchasing at least $5 of credit.
The rate the Fed charges banks for these loans is called the discount rate (officially the primary credit rate).
Yikatong card users are entitled to a 50% discount and students enjoy a 75% discount.
Conditions of oppression, however, do not rule out or discount practices of civic freedom.
Social discount rate (SDR) is the discount rate used in computing the value of funds spent on social projects.
In 1965, upon opening his third store, the name of the chain was changed to "Happy Harry's Discount Drugs".
Seniors can get 10% discount every day and for everyone in their party.
Currently, the Sears is a location of discount chain Hart.
They can be found at grocery, drug and discount stores, in aisles where other bladder control products are sold.
As well as singles, the machines sold multi-packs at a discount.
Green was the founder of discount retailer Brand Centre which sold to Moss Bros Group in 1999.
By 1986, a 50% discount was only available on Cheap Day Returns; all other tickets received a 34% discount.
When its headquarters in Escolta was set up for sale at a heavy discount, he refused to buy the property.
These are typically branches located in a retail space such as a grocery, shopping malls or discount store.
There are a full range of retail shopping centers from upscale stores to discount chains.
By the late 1980s, Discount Drug was recognized as one of the hardest working chains in the country.
In addition PBMs (Pharmacy Benefit Managers) offer discount cards that act similarly to coupons.
It is sold mostly in UK discount stores.
He used the staff discount offer to purchase a new bass, a Rickenbacker 4001, in 1965.
Determining the appropriate discount rate is the key to valuing future cash flows properly, whether they be earnings or obligations.
At the time the school gave a 20% discount to a student from a family not resident in Japan.
Another method of quantifying the lack of marketability discount is the Quantifying Marketability Discounts Model (QMDM).
All "premium" long distance trains generally share the same discount schemes, even though their fares may differ.
The chain's parent company, Australian Discount Retail, went into receivership in January 2009 after owing $201 million to creditors.
It further extended the schedule of payments by several years, with a discount for quick payment.
MSB has recently been purchased by FDH (First Discount House) of Malawi.
Although he did some retail business, most of his volume was in mail-order sales at discount prices.
The tenders were for the face value of the Treasury Notes, less a discount, which represented the interest rate.
Western scholars of international relations do not discount the role of international influences on domestic political development.
He later approached the stall owner who clarified he had given him undisclosed discount out of goodwill.
Team meals are also available at a discount when ordered in advance.
In 1985, it opened a discount book outlet chain called Reader's Market by converting five existing stand-alone Waldenbooks stores.
Such discount will apply to registration fees throughout the period of registration.
These cars are then imported to Norway and after discounting the freight costs, they are sold at a discount.
For Japanese and Korean vehicles the average discount was 10% and 12.8%.
Education Partners, exclusive for IEEE members, offers on-line degree programs, certifications and courses at a 10% discount.
It includes the initial capital, discount rate, as well as the costs of continuous operation, fuel, and maintenance.
The older of these, St Helens Retail Park, is home to several discount stores and wholesale retailers.
It assumes that dividends will increase at a constant growth rate (less than the discount rate) forever.
This fueled anger and discount and eventually helped trigger the Dakota War of 1862.
Task Review: Connexus offered a mini-Olympian party, acquiring several activities at a reasonable discount.
The partnership narrowed its focus to banking activities, primarily discount transactions.
The discount is applied only for journeys after the payment; it is not retroactively applied to previous journeys.
Caldor, Inc. was a discount department store chain founded in 1951 by husband and wife Carl and Dorothy Bennett.
The commercial continued the theme of State Farm commercials featuring Rodgers, using the "discount doublecheck" slogan.
Click on "Ultra Low Emission Discount (ULED)" for details.
Clipper cards generally confer an approximately 10% discount relative to cash fares.
Officeworks "lowest price guarantee" still remains with a 5% discount offered if a lower price is found elsewhere.
MVP members receive a 50% discount on the initiation fee and MVP Gold members have their initiation fee waived.
The fortunes of war could be traced through the discount rates on warrants, vouchers, and Continental dollars.
Discount pricing is where the marketer or retailer offers a reduced price.
Electric car buyers get a €4,000 (US$4,520) discount while buyers of plug-in hybrid vehicles get a discount of €3,000 (US$3,390).
Members of the association received a $100 discount.
The social discount rate is a reflection of a society's relative valuation on today's well-being versus well-being in the future.
Members receive a 30% discount on fees for the International Wittgenstein Symposium and for ALWS publications.
Not all ticket types qualify for a discount.
Mr. Trump's companies had sometimes been able to retire debt at a discount because creditors feared they might default.
Mammoth Mart was a discount department store chain, located in the northeastern United States, primarily in the New England area.
She is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Her career in musical theater started with a spot in an amateur production of "Jesus Christ Superstar."
The voice from heaven calls Jesus "beloved".
The few Aramaic words spoken by Jesus in public were unusual and that is why they are noted as such.
Jehovah's Witnesses believe that Jesus is God's "only-begotten Son", and that his life began in heaven.
When the disciples requested such a table, Jesus stood up and weeping to his Lord, prayed, "O Allah, our Lord!
When young followers of Jesus do the same thing today, it's not unusual for them to get the same result.
In 2016, Fernandez successfully ran for re-election with newcomer Jesus Rubalcava, they were unopposed in the general election.
Rooney is an active member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, also known as Mormons.
On August 27, 2010 Sandoval will fight Jesus Gurrola for the Guante Azteca championship.
The identity of Adam and Jesus seems to have been taught in the original form of the Clementine writings.
His first graffiti message was the Bible verse John 11:35, which reads "Jesus wept."
The Copts also believe that Pishoy washed the feet of Jesus who visited him as a poor stranger.
Mariology methodically presents teachings about her to other parts of the faith, such as teachings about Jesus, redemption and grace.
After His Resurrection, more than once Jesus appeared to His disciples, ate before them and blessed their own food.
Kelly also stated that Jesus was white later in the segment.
The underlying debate is over the relative contributions of Paul and Jesus and the possible intervention of other factors.
When the tour was over, McGee found himself increasingly preoccupied with the rising success of the Jesus and Mary Chain.
The event most regularly entered by LPBC is the Fairbairn cup, held by Jesus College Boat Club annually in December.
In other words, Jesus was Jewish, preached to the Jewish people and called from them his first disciples.
Mark says the soldiers took Jesus to the Praetorium, either Herod's palace or the Fortress Antonia.
Frederick and his friends waited for the television cameras so they could unfurl a banner reading "BONG HiTS 4 JESUS".
After the war, he was chaplain of Jesus College, Oxford from 1919 to 1921 (obtaining an MA degree in 1921).
He wears a wrist band that says "In Jesus Name I Play".
The presence of Jesus the Nazarene in boiling excrement is one of the disputed references to Jesus in the Talmud.
The band issued two singles Jesus and Dreams on Purevolume.
In the 1970s and 1980s, however, critical historians returned to the topic of historical Jesus.
Jesus often used amen to put emphasis to his own words (translated: "verily").
Scholars have put forth a number of theories concerning the resurrection appearances of Jesus.
In the Gospels, Jesus often uses the greeting "Peace be unto you" (e.g., Matt 10:12), a translation of shalom aleichem.
However, we must receive that gift by placing our faith in Christ and surrendering to Jesus as Lord.
This verse covers the section somewhat after the Babylonian Captivity six generation before Jesus.
The Jesus Legend: A Case for the Historical Reliability of the Synoptic Jesus Tradition.
Shiloh is believed to refer to Jesus by some Christians.
He is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Tagle also spoke against nominal Catholics who worship their "jewelry" (wealth), but ignore Jesus Christ in the Blessed Sacrament.
In this chapter, Jesus sends out the apostles to heal and preach throughout the region and gives them careful instruction.
The Holy Sponge is one of the Instruments of the Passion of Jesus Christ.
Jehiel Heilprin held that Yeshu the student of Yehoshua ben Perachiah was not Jesus.
Reviews of the American broadcast of Jesus: The Complete Story were also mixed.
In August 1915 he wrote to Father John Ryan of the Society of Jesus in Sydney in this regard.
He was also a Fellow of Jesus College.
Notable productions included Macbeth, Jesus Christ Superstar, The Man Who Came To Dinner, and Cyrano de Bergerac.
Okung has spoken about his faith saying, "Jesus is everything.
Born in Cairo, Aziz Ezzat Pasha was educated at Jesus College, Cambridge and the now defunct Royal Military Academy, Woolwich.
For the law was given through Moses; grace and truth came through Jesus Christ."
The church square also has a statue of 'Salvador' or 'Savior' (Jesus) and a grotto of Mary, mother of Jesus.
The presence of the prophets next to Jesus and the perceptions of the disciples have been subject to theological debate.
This book clearly outlined his personal beliefs including the oneness of God in the Person of Jesus Christ.
In 2012 he was named as a general authority of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).
Together they traveled across the country proclaiming the Gospel of Jesus Christ.
The origin of the expression "To Jesus through Mary" is generally attributed to Louis Grignion de Montfort.
That man was called Jesus of Nazareth.
He then led a period of asceticism before later founding the Society of Jesus.
There Jesus encounters the Pharisees who ask him to perform a miracle for them.
The Parable of the Assassin (also known as the Parable of the Killer), is a parable attributed to Jesus.
The Copenhagen Denmark Temple is the 118th operating temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).
The band proceeded to rename the posted hymn, "Turn Your Eyes Upon Jesus".
One change is that in Mark the Jesus is called "the Nazarean."
Rood was originally the only Old English word for the instrument of Jesus Christ's death.
It is about why humanity needed, and in the terms of the faith, needs Jesus.
In 1900 he was made president of the Morgan Stake of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Dykes is quoted as having said that people could not follow Jesus if He were truly divine.
This healing of the servant's ear is the last of the 37 miracles attributed to Jesus in the Bible.
John 17:6 presents the teachings of Jesus as the manifestation of the name of God to his disciples.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) has had a presence in Hong Kong since 1949.
He wrote:Christ Jesus, the Son of God, is God and Man: God before all worlds, man in our world.
Edward William Moore, he was educated at Rokeby, KCS, Wimbledon and Jesus College, Cambridge, graduating in 1909.
Colbert's main influence for the set was Leonardo da Vinci's The Last Supper, with the Colbert character as Jesus Christ.
It is currently a part of the Central-Eastern Brazil Province of the Society of Jesus.
It "sustains the doctrines and standards of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints without reservation or exception."
I've found strength in Jesus Christ and he's easier to follow than Zen Buddhism.
The 'archbishopric' was held by Portuguese (and one Spanish) bishops, all members of the Society of Jesus (S.J.).
The Parable of the Two Debtors is a parable of Jesus.
Her mother replied, "Lord Jesus Christ, receive this child under your special protection.
Other critics found religious parallels between E.T. and Jesus.
Strikingly, only in the prologue of each is the logos to be identified with Jesus."
Shortly after Rob attended their church and committed his life to Jesus.
Jesus lived only in Galilee and Judea, and never travelled or studied outside Galilee and Judea.
On his way to Jerusalem, Jesus traveled along the border between Samaria and Galilee.
The Sixth Pillar was found in the fictional tomb of Jesus Christ in some salt mines in southern Israel.
The preacher told Cruz that "Jesus loved him and would never stop loving him".
Reverse legend: IHC AUTEM TRANSIENS PER MEDIUM ILLORUM IBAT ("But Jesus passing through their midst went His way").
After they found the empty tomb, the gospels indicate that Jesus made a series of appearances to the disciples.
Currently The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints uses water instead of wine.
The Society of Jesus owned a large number of slaves who worked on the community's farms.
The "in Christ Jesus" declaration places Smart within a Christian version of Masonry.
Jesus Boy is about to fight him back when Trevor falls in the snow.
Born in Kathmandu, Nepal, Sharma was ordained a Roman Catholic priest for the Society of Jesus in 1968.
Jesus Christ healed the sick, fed thousands of people, and died for all mankind.
In other words, the conjugate pairs are conjugate with respect to energy.
The SN1cB (conjugate base) mechanism describes the pathway by which many metal amine complexes undergo substitution, that is ligand exchange.
Polar aprotic solvents should be avoided for the conjugate addition step.
Infrared light alone or mAb-IR700 conjugate alone did not cause any damage to normal cells.
One may also define a conjugation for quaternions and coquaternions: the conjugate of is.
The conjugate beam is loaded with the real beam's M/EI diagram.
Almost all conjugate gaze palsies originate from a lesion somewhere in the brain stem, usually the midbrain, or pons.
The above algorithm gives the most straightforward explanation of the conjugate gradient method.
In general, the matrix of right eigenvectors need not be the (conjugate) transpose of the matrix of left eigenvectors.
The Beta distribution is the conjugate prior of the Bernoulli distribution.
The two cells then conjugate to form a diploid zygote that may undergo meiosis.
Conserved current is the flow of the canonical conjugate of a quantity possessing a continuous translational symmetry.
The two conjugate diameters, and (blue) are given, and the axes and of the ellipse (red) are required.
Lorvotuzumab mertansine (IMGN901) is an antibody-drug conjugate.
This differs from some other Sami languages, e.g. from Northern Sami, which do not conjugate according to tense.
This solution in radicals involves the imaginary number and hence involves the cube roots of complex conjugate numbers.
All mineral acids form hydrogen ions and the conjugate base ions when dissolved in water.
The Kaiso-Tonya is a full graben style transfer zone much like conjugate convergent collateral types.
At equilibrium, both the acid and the conjugate base are present in solution.
It reacts with epoxides, causing a ring-opening; it undergoes Michael-like conjugate addition to 1,4-unsaturated carbonyl compounds.
Potassium gluconate is the potassium salt of the conjugate base of gluconic acid.
By multiplying the top and bottom of the first expression by this conjugate, one obtains the second expression.
It is the isogonal conjugate of the nine-point center.
The anionic conjugate bases of amines are known as amides.
Exponential families have conjugate priors, an important property in Bayesian statistics.
Organic anions are conjugate bases of organic acids.
Moreover, the conjugate of if it exists, is unique up to an additive constant.
In the above description, the product of two conjugate variables yields an energy.
For antineutrinos, the complex conjugate should be dropped from the first equation, and added to the second.
The complex conjugate operator is an antiunitary operator on the complex plane.
On the other hand, a transducer converting non-analogous power conjugate variables cannot be represented by a transformer.
Carborane acid's remarkably stable conjugate base allows it to be contained easily because it does not react in this manner.
Consider, as before, a polynomial with complex coefficientsDenote the reverse conjugate polynomial as.
The Michael reaction involves conjugate additions of enolates to conjugated carbonyls.
It featured a Zincke reaction followed by an anionic bicyclization reaction and a tandem Brook rearrangement / conjugate addition.
Conjugate matching versus reflectionless matching (PDF) taken from Electromagnetic Waves and AntennasThe Spark Transmitter.
The intensity of the beam will be just t times its complex conjugate.
The same letter is used to indicate a conjugate relationship either between points or distances.
This process results in the creation of an ocean basin, and possibly conjugate NVPM (Geoffroy & 200).
The smallest faithful complex representation has dimension 1333; there are two complex conjugate representations of this dimension.
The Lanczos and Conjugate Gradient Algorithms: From Theory to Finite Precision Computations.
Consonant-stem verbs conjugate differently from the vowel-stem verbs.
It is the conjugate base of thiocyanic acid.
The square of the absolute value iswhere is the complex conjugate of.
Conjugate coding is a cryptographic tool, introduced by Stephen Wiesner in the 1960s.
Hence, a conjugate base is a species formed by the removal of a proton from an acid.
To obtain the Bayesian solution, we need to specify the conditional likelihood and then find the appropriate conjugate prior.
Similar to the elliptic case, diameters of a hyperbola are conjugate when each bisects all chords parallel to the other.
For example, the Hilbert transform leads to the harmonic conjugate of a given function in Fourier analysis, aka harmonic analysis.
They use the term conjugate frame for what here is called a dual frame.
For all other stem vowels, the transitive suffix has its default form /-em/:Verbs do not conjugate.
Every finite subgroup of SL(2, C) is conjugate to a finite subgroup of SU(2, C).
Conjugate addition of the amine to 1 followed by elimination of hydroxide (as water) would give ene-aminoketone 3.
Internuclear ophthalmoplegia (INO) is a disorder of conjugate lateral gaze in which the affected eye shows impairment of adduction.
This is the only eye movement that is not conjugate, but instead adducts the eye.
Several vaccine candidates for Shigella are in various stages of development including live attenuated, conjugate, ribosomal, and proteosome vaccines.
An experimental antibody-drug conjugate SGN-CD123A targets CD123 as a possible treatment for AML.
Conjugate subgroups are isomorphic, but isomorphic subgroups need not be conjugate.
CRM197 is widely used as a carrier protein for conjugate vaccines.
This implies the desired orthogonality relationship for the characters: i.e.,,where is the Kronecker delta and is the complex conjugate of.
The conjugate momentum to X has the expressionwhere the pᵢ are the momentum functions conjugate to the coordinates.
Formic acid occurs widely in nature as its conjugate base formate.
Its thermodynamic conjugate, an isobaric process would appear as a straight horizontal line.
The four eigenvalues of a 4-D rotation matrix generally occur as two conjugate pairs of complex numbers of unit magnitude.
To that effect, one has to find quadratic factors for pairs of conjugate complex roots.
For example, the use magnesium silicide as a base gives the conjugate acids, mixed silanes as a side-product.
This polynomial is irreducible over the rationals, and so these three cosines are conjugate algebraic numbers.
The conjugate formulations show responses which are consistent with T-cell recruitment (namely a much stronger immune response).
It is usually the case that the two charge-conjugate representations are complex conjugate fundamental representations of the Lie group.
They are the conjugate bases of sulfonic acids with formula RSO₂OH.
Most of the reactivity of thioacetic acid arises from the conjugate base, thioacetate.
It turns out that is the conjugate momentum of, and together these form Ashtekar's new variables.
Adsorption of polyethylene glycol-doxorubicin (PEG-DXR) conjugate onto SWNHox could form a water-soluble nanocomposite.
CRM197 is used as a carrier protein in a number of approved conjugate vaccines.
Over a complex vector space, one often works with sesquilinear forms (conjugate-linear in one argument) instead of bilinear forms.
However, mmf and φ are not power conjugate variables.
The conjugate gradient method can also be seen as a variant of the Arnoldi/Lanczos iteration applied to solving linear systems.
It was the first antibody-drug conjugate to be approved.
The conjugate prior of the mean of a normal distribution is another normal distribution.
Therefore, its conjugate base is suitable for the deprotonation of compounds with greater acidity.
Minimal polynomials are also used to define conjugate elements.
Sacituzumab govitecan (IMMU-132) is an anti-Trop-2-SN-38 antibody-drug conjugate for breast cancer and solid tumors.
In the form of its conjugate base called lactate, it plays a role in several biochemical processes.
Geometric applications are reviewed for linear equations, analytic conics, the equation for the asymptotes, and the equation to the conjugate-hyperbola.
Impedance matching is achieved when the source impedance is the complex conjugate of the load impedance.
With the conjugate vaccine about 10% of babies develop redness at the site of injection, fever, or change in sleep.
At present, SimScale allows uncoupled thermo-mechanical simulations, conjugate heat transfer and convective heat transfer analysis.
An acid is a proton donor; the proton is transferred to the base, a proton acceptor, creating a conjugate acid.
This relation is called the Conjugate Pairing Rule.
Vorsetuzumab mafodotin is a CD70-targeted antibody-drug conjugate that started clinical trials for renal cell carcinoma.
Additionally used as a filling for the traditional Karelian pasty.
The shop focuses on pasty as art and is described as "interactive, edible art".
Morvah now celebrates 'pasty day' instead, on the first Tuesday of every August.
Most bathed in the Nile and used a pasty soap made from animal fat and chalk.
The pumpability of viscous or pasty products has a key effect on the reliable function of a vacuum filler.
Generally speaking, vacuum fillers can be used for filling pasty and compressible products.
It is a yellow gelatinous pasty soap with use in bleaching and cleaning and as a compound of some varnishes.
As the national dish of Cornwall, several oversized versions of the pasty have been created in the county.
In 2012, Bolton-born boxer Amir Khan mentioned introducing his American fiancée to the pasty barm during a visit to England.
The annual festival attracts thousands of visitors, who may also visit the Cornish Pasty Museum and attend other cultural events.
When fried it is slightly crispy on the outside, and remains pasty on the inside.
With its doughy crust, the pasty can be eaten without utensils.
If concrete is too pasty, cavities may form within it.
At room temperature it was a milky liquid, but when cooled turned pasty.
Matt Grant originated in England, where his mother taught him how to make a pasty.
Whilst a student, Rogerson worked at the Proper Cornish pasty factory in Bodmin.
Oiticica oil is much darker in color and is susceptible to transforming into a pasty, semi-solid state at room temperature.
He said spoo are tiny, pasty, mealworm-like creatures that travel slowly in herds.
The association sponsors the World Pasty Championships, an annual event held at the Eden Project.
They have pasty bluish skin that seems wrinkled and possibly brittle.
Since 2011 a pasty must be made in Cornwall to carry the label "Cornish Pasty".
SarmaSamosa, a small fried or baked pasty, which may be either half-moon shaped or triangular.
Examples of ready-meals also date back to before the preindustrial revolution, and include dishes such as Cornish pasty and Haggis.
They are, however, commercially available in the British supermarket chain Morrisons (under the name 'Tin Miner Pasty').
Greggs participated in a campaign to reverse this decision, which became known as the "pasty tax" or "Pasty Gate".
In Titus Andronicus, Titus bakes Chiron and Demetrius's bodies into a pasty, and forces their mother to eat them.
Uricotelic organisms typically have white pasty excreta.
Today, the pasty is the food most associated with Cornwall.
He is described as having a lank blonde-coloured ponytail, pasty skin and washy eyes.
In consistency it may be hard or rather "pasty".
Former premier of South Australia, Don Dunstan, once took part in a pasty-making contest.
The crew were greeted with a pint and a pasty.
In Central American cuisine, it more closely resembles a British pasty or an Italian calzone.
They won a pasty bap and chips.
The iconic dish of Cornwall, the pasty, has its roots in another historical industry within the county, this being mining.
The origins of the pasty are unclear, though there are many references to them throughout historical documents and fiction.
The Cornish pasty is an excellent adaptation of the pie to a working man's daily food needs.
The Cornish Pasty Association is a British trade association, based in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
They also brought their recipe and appetite for the pasty.
Another popular filling in the Northwest, particularly Bolton, is the pasty barm.
Basically a pasty tart, the distinctive taste comes from the mixture of moist sugar (sic) and a boiled lemon, minced.
The Cornish pasty from Cornwall has the same basic idea of complete packed lunch.
His nickname of "Pasty" referred to his Cornish origins.
The World Pasty Championships are an annual event sponsored by the Cornish Pasty Association and held at the Eden Project.
The colony surface is smooth and has a pasty texture.
The website featured various words related to Cornwall, such as pasty and chough.
However, the term pasty appears in much earlier written records from other parts of the country, as mentioned above.
The town is renowned for its basketwork and the production of "pastissets," a sweet pasty.
Although poisoning remained a prime suspicion, the pasty was not believed to be the source of the poison.
In south India, Thogayal or Thuvayal (Tamil) are preparations similar to chutney but with a pasty consistency.
The pasty originated in the 14th century as a food that miners could take underground.
The flesh is somewhat pasty, although the best varieties have a creamy mousse-like texture.
The sign was to be unveiled at a ceremony celebrating mining during the forthcoming International Pasty Festival.
Their pulp is orange, salmon or yellowish in color with a somewhat juicy and pasty texture.
In 2017, Sayers were fined £177K over mouse droppings found on pasty, and other breaches of hygienic practice.
The Cornish national dish is the Cornish pasty.
The name is sometimes given to a pork pasty which is where the term 'oggie' or 'tiddy oggie' derives.
As pasty lava in the core travels downslope, the clinkers are carried along at the surface.
Kopanisti requires 45 to 60 days to ripen to its tasty, spicy, rich flavored, pasty, buttery and creamy consistency.
At other proportions, the material will enter a mushy or pasty phase until it warms up to being completely melted.
The town of Real del Monte in Mexico is home of the International Pasty Festival.
It is similar to a pasty and to the Colombian/Venezuelan arepa.
For instance, the licky pasty contained mostly leeks, and the herb pasty contained watercress, parsley, and shallots.
Pasty ingredients are usually seasoned with salt and pepper, depending on individual taste.
Meet Ambassador Matt Grant, world envoy for the pasty.
The association successfully sought to have the name "Cornish Pasty" protected as one of the Protected geographical indications.
The Black Ghoul appears to have "pasty white skin", with red fingernails and lipstick.
Mexican Pasty Makers Get Tips From Cornwall.
In East-Slavic languages pirog is a generic term which denotes virtually any kind of pie, pasty, or cake.
Cornish food, like the Cornish pasty, is still popular amongst the Cornish Australian communities.
The traditional Chilean pasty had beef, onion, hard-boiled eggs, olives and sultanas.
It derives from the post-classical Latin pasticium (13th century), a pie or pasty.
Shakespeare in The Merry Wives of Windsor alludes to a Venison pasty made from "ill-killed" deer.
At the 5th annual championship, held on St Piran's Day 2016, a baker from Canada, won the Pasty Ambassador prize.
Between 2002 and 2011 the club was sponsored by Cornish pasty-makers Ginsters.
He now runs a pasty company in Arnprior, Ontario.
The Pasty Shop and West Cornwall Pasty are just two Cornish chains that have popularised traditional oggies around the UK.
Burger KingCostaEDCGreggsUpper CrustKrispy KremeWest Cornwall Pasty Co.
Spatter cones are created by accumulations of pasty gas-poor lava as they erupt from a vent.
The annual International Pasty Festival is held in Real del Monte for three days each October.
He never felt that I was too pasty, corny, mannered, campy.
Huff paste could be moulded into a variety of shapes, called 'coffyns' or 'coffers', similar to a Cornish pasty.
The ripening of the cheese forms a yellow exterior irregular crust and yellowish-white, soft and pasty interior.
In 1989, Spring Home won the Monde Selection's Gold Medal for its spring roll pasty.
The World Pasty Championships are an annual event sponsored by the Cornish Pasty Association and held at the Eden Project.
The Assessment Framework document gives a key to the Ministry's province-wide standardized tests.
The document granted feudal rights of the area to Pierre Coul.
At the meeting, the author will present the document to the audience, explaining the methods and findings outlined.
They only prerequisite for issue of this document shall be, where applicable, holding of the appropriate qualification.
The document was used as justification for U.S. intervention in Nicaragua.
However, the actual plans are redacted from the document, as well as the names of those involved.
He dispatched a document that announced his surrender to Bernadotte and complained that he was out of food and ammunition.
All committee participants are responsible for careful review of the consensus document.
The same document also mentions the church of S. Tommaso in Agra.
Repeatedly when he was asked about the document, Hinckley answered: "I can't remember."
In 2003, CBH published a document "Co-operative Bulk Handling Ltd's grain storage system in Western Australia".
The argument that the document was rendered void failed because the alteration was not material.
The customer's PO is the originating document which triggers the creation of the sales order.
Although her photos document a wide spectrum of Sicilian life, she is best known for her work on the Mafia.
The Montreux Document is agreement between signature countries obligations regarding private military and security companies in war zones.
The title of the document is only presumed because the original is now lost.
The document was written by an unknown scribe.
The mission of the organization is to document, preserve, and promote Modernist houses.
TRINet also maintains a document database of reports and other publications related to the rehab process.
The authors of the first document think this is not true because of the compatibility WMV-HD provides.
The 601-page document detailed many U.S. intelligence failures and identified intelligence breakdowns in dozens of cases.
Some historians, however, have claimed that this document was fabricated.
The document goes on to push for further studies into how exactly they would go about improving relations.
It is meant to facilitate letter-writing by schoolchildren to each other as they document where Flat Stanley has accompanied them.
Rea was the first to document such large scales of borrowing, citing 75 books White depended on.
Schedule EIC is used to document a taxpayer's eligibility for the Earned Income Credit.
Text of this article has been taken from a US Army document, with a claim the source is public domain.
This document is the first written reference to the house now called Whiskey Hill.
She also co-authored a guidance document called Getting Accountability Right with a Privacy Management Program.
Montagu outlined three criteria for the document that contained the details of the falsified plans to land in the Balkans.
Jansen gave the album four out of five stars, concluding that it is "An essential document for folk guitar fans."
Searches of the database can be made by company name, industry group, document type or date filed.
The document was written by an unknown copyist.
Other scholars concluded that the document may have originated in immediate post-conquest milieu and was stylized by later historians.
The UK Treasury, which commissioned the report, simultaneously published a document of favourable comments on the Review.
XML allows parsers to separate the process of interpreting the document syntax and its structure.
GF was first created in 1998 at Xerox Research Centre Europe, Grenoble, in the project Multilingual Document Authoring.
Poros was mentioned in a 1270 document of the Patriarchate of Constantinople.
The Ostrogoths are first named in a document dated September 392 from Milan.
These make it easier to apply changes to keywords or media items to the whole document at once.
The resulting document was titled the "Palmdale Statement".
He is last mentioned in a Castilian document of 9 September 1181, over a year before his reported death.
If Kashima can obtain and deliver the document to Kikui, he will grant her immunity from her charges.
He was one of the American signatories of the Euston Manifesto in 2006, a British document which expressed that tendency.
Murphy performed a sworn document made under the laws of both the UK and the USA.
The declassified document can be seen on online.
The comparison of document maps from feature space to distance space.
The Group then released the February Outline, a document arguing that the play was not of a political nature.
This document names Werhard as Wulfred's nephew, and calls him priest.
Authors are bound to the document model that define their freedom or obligations to keep the document well structured.
It is an XHTML document type defined by the Open Mobile Alliance.
It was a chance to explore and document the punk community more extensively than ever before.
In a multipage document, only the page being editing can be re-saved.
Line spacing, text size, font, font properties, image placement and paragraph breaks are carried over to the new translated document.
The Protocols of the Elders of Zion was a forged document ignored by scholars until recently.
In March 2005, the show exposed a multimillion-dollar document fraud scam orchestrated by an undocumented Mexican Fidelina Cuevas.
The document lists that Northrop received a Combat Infantry Badge (Second Award).
Torres repeated the stolen document charge to the police, and Helfeld was detained and handcuffed.
The notary's log is the only document for which a notary may write their own certificate.
We have to do this to make sure your document gets printed.
The metadata contained "Christ Lutheran Church", and the document was marked as last modified by "Dennis".
The audit examined the Parish comprehensive plan, the Horizon Plan, to assess if this vision document promotes Smart Growth principles.
This document contains Steed's Merchant Navy service record.
Louvet wrote several letters to Garnier, which document events relating to the building.
In the process he submitted his document on the Draft Programme.
However that means that it's pretty impossible to document who played what on what track.
It was a simple document consisting of only 23 short articles.
In 1625, he was the dean of Murska Sobota and he signed the Lutheran document Formule Concordiae.
In 1995 Lundberg created the Circlemakers website to document his group's activities.
It was mentioned in a document of 1019 with the name of Pieve di Soana.
On April 9, 2013, that document was made public after a Freedom of Information Act request.
This document affirmed the college's stance against government control.
It is a pull parser which means it reads a little bit of the document at once.
Marktbreit was first mentioned as "broite inferior" in a document of the Count of Castell in 1258.
Several Biblical accounts document the presence of lions, and cultural perception of them in ancient Palestine.
It is considered "the most important historical document of the classical Gupta age".
In February 2014, the company partnered with BillionGraves to digitize and document graves and cemeteries worldwide.
He was lenient in cases of widows who lacked a divorce document (agunah).
Anna Maria used her artistic skills to help Jones document life in India.
The rights are available to the public online in a document called Publication 1: Your Rights as a Taxpayer.
Brooklyn filmmakers use Google Glass technology to document long-standing tensions in Crown Heights.
Rudelsheim had its first documentary mention in 766 in a donation document from the Lorsch Abbey.
J.A. Williams later constructed an addition, which included a vault and document room, on the north side of the courthouse.
The core of the 16 page document consists of two parts.
What if the request is about Alice trying to view a document at 8am?
Four key areas for testing a document includes instructions, Examples, messages, and samples.
Mbeki did not directly claim authorship of the document, but said it reflected his views.
These can be distant from the original source of the document.
In 1995 the team traveled to document rural areas of China, Yemen, Cambodia, and Burma.
The document was signed by East, Wightman, and John Windsor, one of the owners of the Akron baseball team.
He wears blue suit with a red bow and carnation and a boater hat.
Inlay sections could be sawed by bow saws.
They also have a retractable bowsprit that extends a spinnaker-genoa "kite" two or more meters beyond the bow.
The superiority of Yourkevitch's hull was visible: hardly a wave was created off the bulbous bow.
She returned to St. John's, where a temporary wooden bow was fitted until permanent repairs were made in Scotland.
Shreaves and his crew worked another cable set under the bow and again Ajax pulled.
This plant grows in Ravalli, Beaverhead, and Silver Bow Counties in Montana.
The video begins with Bow Wow reading a letter from his fiancé, breaking off their engagement.
During its scuttling the bow section broke off, exposing the forward torpedoes tubes and bow modifications.
He extended a deep bow before and after his speech.
The round bow is also equipped with horse hair.
Tamandaré received three shots in her bow and was making 6 inches of water per hour.
The SS Princess Mary was built by Bow, McLachlan and Company of Paisley, Scotland for the Canadian Pacific Railway.
The reverse shows a view of the starboard quarter of the Lusitania correctly depicted sinking bow first.
It is one of the oldest string instruments in the world played with a bow.
The presentation is to be accompanied by a slight bow.
In extreme cases a kneeling bow is performed; this bow is sometimes so deep that the forehead touches the floor.
This trimming effect is mistakenly called 'bow lift'.
Bow kites are popular with riders from beginner to advanced levels.
Once traveling through this forest, Pandavas gets thirsty and Arjuna uses his bow to discover water from the earth.
Overture: More Strings to Our Bow Opening number.
As completed Gromoboi trimmed badly by the bow, which reduced her speed and made her very wet forward.
After that Dasharatha prayed to the sage to forgive him but Parashurama remained enraged and brought out Vishnu's bow.
They find the Hall of Dumathoin, recovering the magical bow Taulmaril (the Heartseeker) which later becomes Catti-brie's signature weapon.
The bow would finally sink later the next day.
Often swim alongside the bow of vessels and frolic in the bow waves.
These include dendrites, branch type, bush type, spikes, strings, bow-ties and vented trees.
Further north, Elhant encounters an Ent who rewards him with a bow for his help in clearing the Zombies.
People should bow one time for those who are alive and twice for those who are deceased.
The boats were armed with eight internal 53.3 cm (21.0 in) torpedo tubes, four each in the bow and stern.
She was armed with ten 12-pounder carronades and two 6-pounder bow guns.
For maneuvering at ports, Hansa Brandenburg has a 900 kW bow thruster.
Iphigénie easily eluded Africaine, and gave Astrée an opportunity for raking Africaine's bow.
When worn by a woman the medal may be suspended by the ribbon shaped into a bow.
The collision killed one crewman aboard the French ship and Keppel's bow penetrated all the way to Jaguar's midline.
Each target with an arrow in the center, and a little boy with a bow.
Iron and steel will bend and bow,Bend and bow, bend and bow,Iron and steel will bend and bow,My fair lady.
In late-2010 she began using a bow constructed for her by Daniel Tobias Navea Vera.
Wagner also took a bow after every performance, with audiences split between bravas and boos.
He is skillful with weaponries such as the sword, keris, long keris, bow, cross bow and spear.
The boats were armed with four 18-inch (45 cm) torpedo tubes in the bow.
The six fingers or flanges of the ferro on the bow of a gondola represent the six sestieri.
Thirlwall wears metallic silver and black striped highwaisted trousers, with a white shirt, black bow tie and braces.
The bow is also known in Greek as the proura or plowri, similar to the English prow.
Duffek popularized the bow draw stroke, aka "Duffek Stroke", as an effective means of pivoting a kayak.
Her hull is painted a rich green, with smooth, flowing lines from bow to stern.
Organised bow hunting began in New Zealand in 1945.
He leased the harvesting rights to 100,000 acres and set up a paper mill at Bow Bridge in East London.
To Theodulf, Cupid's quiver symbolized his depraved mind, his bow trickery, his arrows poison, and his torch burning passion.
They were married at Trinity Church, Bow, London on 15 November 1866.
Skandi Neptune has two stern azimuth thrusters, a retractable forward azimuth thruster and two bow tunnel thrusters.
On 15 August 1943, planes were heard off the port bow of APc-25, approximately 2 miles beyond Lever Harbor.
The shield depicts an Algonquian Native American with bow and arrow; the arrow is pointed downward, signifying peace.
The main armament comprised a single 305-millimetre (12 in) gun in a barbette mounting at the bow.
The bow on the inside hatband at the rear of the hat resembles a Skull and crossbones.
She displaced 6,040 long tons (6,140 t) and was fitted with a blunt iron ram at her bow.
Out of the 45 crops that are grown in the Bow River basin, only 10 could be produced without irrigation.
At bow and stern it was six inches thick.
In making a wooden bow, the greater part of the woodworking is done on a straight stick.
The Korean Composite bow (which is very similar to the medieval Mongol bow) was adopted at this time.
In making a bow, the greater part of the woodworking is done on a straight stick.
Karna held Vijaya (bow), the personal bow of Lord Shiva.
Sembah means to respect and bow down; Hyang means divine, God/Shang Hyang Widhi, holy man, and ancestors.
One German infantryman rescuer noted the grotesquerie of the eyeball dangling down Bongartz's cheek during the bow.
The deluxe Arcee has a similar bow weapon.
In the song, Little Egypt is depicted as a burlesque dancer/stripper, wearing "nuttin' but a button and a bow".
Drawing a bow across the strings causes the strings to vibrate.
The first one to open was Bow, then Chrisp Street, Whitechapel, then finally, Canary Wharf.
In 1852, Nimitz built what locals referred to as the Steamboat Hotel because of the ship's bow front.
He is exceptionally skilled with a short-bow and arrow from a short distance.
Ciara performed her part in Bow Wow's "Like You" while appearing alone on stage.
Nautilus had a clipper bow, while Albatross had a bow similar to contemporary German light cruisers.
These are used to drive two steerable azimuth thrusters, with a bow thruster supplementing.
It is part of the pathway and hiking trail system lining both sides of the Bow River.
In the lower pair of the arms, he holds a bow and an arrow respectively.
The bow above the waterline was nearly straight, in contrast to that of wooden sailing ships.
The New York Herald-Tribune called the Gable-Kerr pairing "ideal", saying "she made an impressive bow on the U.S. screen."
For the first time since the demise of the bow and arrow lethal marksmanship was possible.
For the encore, a roughed-up Giovanni (whose hair is now reddish) appears out of the rubble to take a bow.
It is marked by the percussive use of the bow and percussive accompaniment (such as spoon percussion).
The wreck is marked with red buoys at the bow and stern.
The Comet class was armed with a pair of 9-pounder cannon in the bow and sixteen 32-pounder carronades.
Most notably, she was torpedoed in the starboard bow by a German submarine, whilst in convoy in the Mediterranean.
Bush incorporates new technologies including improved propeller and bulbous bow designs, a reduced Radar cross-section and electronic and environmental upgrades.
Jones was born in Bow, London and started his career with the renowned local junior side Senrab.
Sometimes, she carries a bell, chakra, chamara (a yak's tail) and a bow.
The latter had one compartment below water holed, but Ajax only received two holes in her bow.
The violinist is instructed in the score to play without vibrato and with minimum weight on the bow.
To the west lies Bromley by Bow.
Constellation again sailed ahead of L'Insurgente, reversing course to cross her bow and rake her a second time.
Pop Matters gave the record a rating of 6/10.
Six thousand fans were at the Riverside, a record which is still held today for an away support at Middlesbrough.
It was released in 1981 by record label Beggars Banquet.
After finishing third in The X Factor in 2008, Quigg was signed by record label RCA Records.
Her finishing time of in a 4:12.29 minutes was a championship record.
He ended the tournament with a 10-5 record and was awarded the special prize for Fighting Spirit.
GRP Records (Grusin-Rosen Productions) is a jazz record label founded by Dave Grusin and Larry Rosen in 1978.
Dipanda made her first record with guitar player Jeannot Hens.
George is the brother of renowned DJ and record producer John Digweed.
Olwine shares the major league baseball record for most games pitched without a win, at 80.
He has also been awarded a record four Player of the Year titles: 1999, 2001, 2002, and 2003.
He now produces under his own record label, Bakerloo.
Musicraft Records was a record company and label established in 1937 in New York City.
The first known record of the chapel dates from between 1220 and 1227.
In 2012 she launched her own record label entitled Swash Music.
The film performed exceptionally well overseas, collecting record figures unheard of for a heroine-oriented film.
In 2005, Robinson rejoined En Vogue for a tour, but departed from the group before they could record another album.
If two players had an identical record then the result in their match determined their positions.
The 1974 team was ranked at 10th in the nation, and featured a school record 22-game winning streak.
The original multi-channel recorders could only record all tracks at once.
Two black women approached Witness 102, mobile phones set to record, asking him to recount what he had witnessed.
By 1940, they had a record of 338 wins and 12 losses.
The record of known occurrences therefore may poorly reflect the actual extent of the species distribution.
At Yale, he was on the editorial staff of campus humor magazine The Yale Record.
Some ancient authors record that the city was also called simply Hya.
Isota Records is an independent record label operated out of Oakland, California.
During the 2014 event, Formula 3 driver Simon Hodge set a new lap record for the circuit of 2:02.6701.
Rotterdam records was a Dutch record label begun in 1992.
The 22 innings bested the previous 21 inning South Atlantic League record.
He also enlisted record producer Ed Freeman who had produced Don McLean's best selling album American Pie the previous year.
The fault sets merge southward to form the Foggy Dew fault zone where mylonites record oblique dextral-normal slip (down-to-E).
Exclusive Native's race record was 13: 4-4-3, and his earnings totaled $169,013.
However the record company insisted on using the T. Rex name on the cover.
Each record of a linked list is often called an 'element' or 'node'.
It was this song and that song about my brothers and a couple of songs that didn't make the record.
He is also a record producer for a number of musical projects.
Batley's first record "Starry Eyed" was released in February 1960, but was not a success.
He tells of how he used his first savings to buy his first Elvis record at the age of 7.
The 2013 Pacific hurricane season was the costliest season on record within the East Pacific.
The first record of a Saltney-based football club was in 1908 when they joined The Combination.
The hospital's archives, including early patient admission papers, are held at West Sussex Record Office in Chichester.
The first prize was a record deal with Hot Records.
The record listed here represents the one given on his official website & Sherdog profile.
Kristofferson, impressed with Goodman, introduced him to Paul Anka, who brought Goodman to New York to record some demos.
Extremes outside the period of record include a discharge of on December 4, 1861, and on February 4, 1890.
He made a career-low 3 appearances and failed to record a win for the first time since 1984.
He also became the first Seahawks receiver to record 1,000 receiving yards since 2007.
There were a record 15 entries for the Championship.
When Xiaomi releases their new items, they make the shortest time record every time they sell the new item.
Muntz and Friedman, both Holocaust survivors, to record his work and daily life at the hospital.
Scott Yanow of Allmusic stated, "Sonny Stitt and Red Holloway make a perfect team on this exciting jam session record.
The 42 point margin of victory is a bowl game record.
His season included a 41-possession game against reigning premiers Hawthorn, a record for an AFL match at the Adelaide Oval.
The winning time 1:11.0 was a new course record for a two-year-old.
Additionally, a record was made in late 2008.
They hold the record of winning four Senior Championships in a row in 1962, 63, 64 and 65.
In 2012 Nate teamed up with Manchester duo HeavyFeet to record the hit single "Back Foot".
In 2000, Slovenian record label Taped Pictures released a various artists compilation featuring the band's song "Mala, mala".
Kotecha said that he was involved in the "early stages" of producing the record.
The earliest surviving record referring to Germani is Julius Caesar's account of the Gallic War, the "Commentarii de Bello Gallico".
The Yale Record documented the creation of the first American football championship.
Reginald first appears in the historical record around 1138 when he was a witness on some of his father's charters.
The album is his first release on Blue Swan Records since departing with his previous record label Equal Vision Records.
The band then later returned to Sticky Studios to record their first full album This Life.
The 1996 Florida Marlins season began with the team trying to improve on their record from 1995.
One of the first British athletes to throw the discus, he set a British record in 1908.
Lame-O Records is an independent record label based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
By comparison, 423,000 km (262,840 mi) of countryside highways were built or upgraded in 2007, a record high.
Holland broke the team record on September 26 with his save against the Chicago White Sox.
In 1958, he recorded a rockabilly record, "The New Raunchy"/"I'll Get by Somehow" for Decca under the name Shady Wall.
In 2002, Sammel released a remastered version in CD and 10" (25 cm) vinyl record (LP), catalogue number 0650410.
She kept a careful record of who had paid and totted it up at the end of each term.
HIM got also a gold record in the USA in 2006.
He also runs Ecstatic Yod, a record label and shop based in Florence, Massachusetts.
During the 1911 football season Baker scored 92 points, a school record that lasted until 1974.
Both versions were released on Lynn's record label, Logan Lynn Music.
In the final he set a new Olympic record with 21.6 seconds.
His 144 points last season broke the record of 138 that he had set the previous season.
The fastest lap time gets captured for the record book just like in the other modes of the game.
In 2006, the record label behind their US presence, What Are Records?
To the Nines peaked at number 36 on the Tracklisten, the Danish top 40 record chart.
We're already getting more radio play than the whole of the last record."
Since the release of his mixtape, the record has been downloaded over one million times.
The single was released on limited edition vinyl and as a digital download on London based independent record label 'Tape'.
Rogers held the record until 2003, when then 70-year-old Willie Nelson became the oldest artist to have a No.
They record annually at Mitch Easter's Fidelitorium in North Carolina.
For the 2016-17 school year, Pennsylvania increased its public education spending to a record high of $5,895 billion.
His 1,186 receiving yards in 1998 stands as the Southern Mississippi single-season receiving yardage record.
She holds the Canadian national record in the butterfly over the 50 m in the short course.
Velocity of Sound is a record label formed in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA in 1999 by Darren Little and Todd Stoll.
The kids suspect Mayor Davis' chauffeur; it's up to Billy (in a chicken costume) to catch the real crook.
They gave no reason to suspect the existence of a new distinctive group of dinosaurs.
We suspect the three masked men who raised those 'anti-national' slogans were from IB.
In this movie, a man with the ability to see ghosts begins to suspect that his wife may be possessed.
April tells Math about her grandfather, Sullivan Davis, and he begins to suspect that he is The First Zombie.
Who was the main suspect of the hostage?
He was released a day later but remained a suspect over alleged defamation of the president.
Bayliss reveals that the girl's father (who had been a suspect) also has an alibi.
It was the first time authorities had reason to suspect him of any wrongdoing.
Steve is the prime suspect and is arrested but Phil, knowing Steve is innocent, confronts the real culprit, Lisa.
His book, Tattoos, reflects his experience as being a murder suspect.
The embassy declined the request due to Yoo's status as a criminal suspect.
FBI agents contacted him and, with his photographs, were able to identify a suspect.
Agents question whether airliner-bomb suspect had help.
After the 1947 murder of American woman Elizabeth Short, a.k.a. the Black Dahlia, police came to consider Hodel a suspect.
The Aviation Commissioner, Xu Peigen (徐培根), who was also a BSS member, was the primary suspect.
30 more were injured, including a suspect who was alleged to be part of the attackers, a 9-year-old boy.
He prepared the fat partridge in spiced wine sauce, and was the first suspect to be cleared.
Third, the focus shifts to the identity of the suspect, and actions taken to apprehend the perpetrator.
Schuster sends Corky to put the suspect in jail.
Garibaldi comes to suspect Del Varner might have been involved in Kosh's poisoning.
Amatuna was later a suspect in the murders of Powers supporters Harry Raimondi and Gaetano Esposito.
He must decide how far he can go guarding this suspect who is hated to death by everyone.
After his uncle's demise Maria becomes a murder suspect.
The students produced four affidavits and a videotaped statement that attributed guilt for the crime to another suspect.
William does not suspect them of murder though, since Dulcinites target wealthy bishops, not poor monks.
Stopping someone means holding the suspect while waiting for the arrival of the police.
Long was well known for eccentric behavior, leading some to suspect that he suffered from bipolar disorder.
Majid Razavi, an Interior Ministry official, said Iranian police arrested a suspect within an hour of the bombing.
As with Mystique, you suspect that some aspects of her behavior may have their roots in an actual psychosis.
The next morning, Jack identifies Carol's body and becomes the prime suspect of Inspector Gibert in several murders.
To prove his innocence and satisfy his own curiosity, Di Shen gets involved in the case to identify the suspect.
Ricky took pictures of Heather kissing Adam Newman (Michael Muhney), a key suspect in Sharon's case.
The suspect, James Boulware, died after being struck by sniper fire from Dallas SWAT officers.
An approach one might not suspect from a channel that is named "History".
When the affected individual is younger than 40, doctors suspect an underlying cause such as multiple sclerosis.
She comes to suspect that he is also a murderer, and that he is attempting to kill her.
He becomes the primary suspect and is asked not to leave town.
The FBI also had information that Adams was a contributing member of a suspect Japanese propaganda magazine.
Correspondents say Tiger Memon owned a restaurant in Mumbai and was allegedly closely associated with Dawood Ibrahim, the chief suspect.
He then held a news conference, falsely announcing that the police had narrowed the suspect pool down to 20 men.
Hanna becomes a suspect in Mona's murder, and is arrested after her blood is found on Mona's clothes.
On the same day, Palacio stated there were 108 suspect cases in the country.
The police identified the suspect as a 29-year-old man from Guizhou Province named Zhou Xingbai (周兴柏).
He proves Solomon's innocence, but a new piece of evidence places Athena as the prime suspect.
Behind the facade, one might suspect a terminus, but that is not the case in Basel.
Prime Suspect 4 through 7 were co-produced by WGBH Boston for its Masterpiece Mystery anthology series.
There is reason to suspect that Dunan was Roolwer's antecessor in the Isles.
When he comes to, his boyfriend Stephen (Gale Harold) has been murdered, and Dusty is the prime suspect.
Sam starts to suspect his neighbors and gets obsessed with WiFi-rays.
Authorities now suspect that Tipton rigged drawings in at least four states.
The police-released image of the suspect was widely shared on social media and broadcast on national television.
Gabrion's whereabouts were unknown, but he quickly became a prime suspect in her death.
Johnny and Andy suspect Matthew did so, due to his obsession with Jennifer, but they don't know where he is.
Asterix finds out that some people suspect the baby is his illegitimate child, leaving him mildly shocked.
Mouloud Sihali (born March 1976 in Algeria) was a suspect in the Wood Green ricin plot.
The authorities consider him the main witness and the prime suspect in the murder of his wife and four children.
The cops are keeping an eye on Nick because he's a suspect in a murder.
He runs out of the garage on foot and becomes the prime suspect in a murder case.
Yu becomes the murder suspect and is immediately arrested.
The suspect shot Nick, but the bullets went through him and hit Tracy instead.
Other incidents occurred, though some suspect that Jones himself may have been involved in at least some of them.
Sanchez is also a suspect in an ongoing investigation for the murder of a 15-year-old girl in 1985.
Thus, the charging documents for a suspect charged with murder would be inscribed with "PC 187(a)" or just "PC 187."
Terror suspect kept visa to avoid tipping off larger investigation.
It was produced by music engineer Johnny Lima and was recorded at Suspect Studios, San Jose, California.
Right after the shooting, the suspect fled the house after realizing he had run out of ammunition.
At first there is a hands down suspect, Jamal Deschamps, who was found at the scene of the crime.
Now retired and afflicted by a small stroke, Cook continues to trail the early suspect Reginald Wilson.
Given the option in this trial, I suspect that many Senators would choose 'not proven' instead of 'not guilty'.
Bellaire High School stabbing suspect gets plea deal, KHOU-TV.com — March 16, 2006Spivak, Todd.
The female suspect, whose surname is Ko, was apprehended on October 16.
When does the reader first suspect the murderer?
His old fashioned Hep wife doesn't suspect anything.
Paul Begg only dealt with Chapman briefly, and evidently did not regard him as a serious suspect.
Ben Loyd-Holmes as Private John Leary, the first suspect in the Ripper case.
She seems to suspect that her husband is not the same person after the siblings swap.
Taber then asked him why he thought that he would be considered a suspect.
Police ruled Melvin out as a suspect when nearly 200 people confirmed that Melvin was in fact at work.
The police are looking for Paul Sothern, the prime suspect.
One suspect was killed, and a manhunt went underway for two other suspects.
His fiance urges him to pursue the suspect in hope that he will gain recognition.
As Rojas chatted with the suspect, he was shot four times and killed.
The verdict of race judge, John Phelps, is suspect because he was reportedly over 70 and blind in one eye.
When Peyton starts receiving strange e-mails from someone named WATCHMEWATCHU, she begins to suspect that it is Ellie.
Will Jr. enacts the reverse of the routine in mime in the woods, "following his suspect closely" like Sherlock Jr..
They suspect something is amiss, as the body has no name, no origin that they have access to.
British Film InstitutePrime Suspect Character-list on TV.com"A Royal Scandal (TV Movie 1997)".
He denied any involvement, claiming that he donated the sweatshirt to charity and was cleared as a suspect.
The author's credibility and the text's reliability became suspect, then, for both Catholic and Anglican Church defenders.
The 18-hole, par-72 Desert Inn Golf Club opened in 1952.
The school is part of the Desert Sands Unified School District.
The couple honeymooned at the Palm Springs, California, desert resort and also in Europe.
The boundaries of the Bright Lands are contained entirely within the bounds of the Bright Desert.
Born in Santiago, the family moved to Mendoza, in the desert Cuyo region of western Argentina, in 1886.
Consequently, Sandi and Lou meet in the desert and help each other survive.
This 7770-square-kilometre sandstone plateau, roughly the size of Puerto Rico, rises 300m from the Libyan Desert floor.
The district has a climate which is milder than that in the desert regions in further north and north-west.
Here it is fed only by the wadis of the western desert during the winter rains.
In June 2010, Time Warner Cable began carrying the channel's high definition feed on its Desert Cities systems.
With "Raincloud", another song called "From a Desert to a Beach" was included.
This is a small area quite different from the desert.
He also pitched in one game for the Single-A High Desert Mavericks that season.
In the mid-1960s Kielan-Jaworowska led a series of Polish-Mongolian paleontological expeditions to the Gobi Desert.
Nuclear weapons testing has caused desert mosquitoes to grow into giant monsters, in a plot resembling Them!
He wrote numerous screenplays, most notably for the Laurel and Hardy film Sons of the Desert (1933).
He also appeared as the castaway on Desert Island Discs in 1957.
In the early drafts of the book, J R R Tolkien had associated these wereworms with the Gobi Desert.
They believe that the swarm must have nested in the desert to reproduce.
The Negev desert in Israel, for example, has a significant average relative humidity of 64%.
Desert, sun and no control of the situation.
All songs written by Ben Weasel, except "Dry Is the Desert" written by Ben Weasel & Dan Vapid.
This area includes the Kalahari Desert, and several large river drainage systems.
When Operation Desert Storm started in January 1991 the squadron was at the forefront of air operations.
The Aserai of the southern desert are adept at both cavalry and infantry tactics.
He and his family, who belonged to the Ngaanyatjarra nation, lived a traditional, nomadic way of life in the desert.
Desert people: a study of the Walbiri Aborigines of Central Australia.
This tournament is played in Sharjah, and is gaining popularity in the desert land of the UAE.
The desert owl or desert tawny owl (Strix hadorami), formerly known as Hume's owl, is a species of owl.
The Judaean Desert is an area with a special morphological structure along the east of the Judaean Mountains.
All the year, the desert is full of activities like hunting, dune climbing, night stay, camping, racing, biking, jeeping etc.
Sensitive reptilian species include the desert kingsnake (Lampropeltis getula splendida).
Road biking is also a favorite sport in the high desert climate of Fruita.
Dehydration is the foremost cause of death in the desert.
These drops were carried out over Edwards Air Force Base in the Mojave Desert in California.
The video starts off with the band driving through the desert in a red convertible.
They also like to live in the desert in Arizona.
In the United States, it inhabits the Chihuahuan Desert community from southern Arizona to the Big Bend region of Texas.
It is native to the Mojave Desert straddling the border between California and Nevada.
The Desert Dogs won five AFL Championships in a row from 2004 to 2008.
Desert DPM uniforms were to be retained but later entirely replaced alongside Woodland DPM.
They were then modified to British requirements and for desert conditions.
The Tswalu game reserve in the Kalahari Desert was created by Stephen Boler.
It typically inhabits desert, semi-desert and mountain regions.
Full feature in HDRalf aka Sex in the Desert on facebookRalf aka Sex in the Desert official websiteRabbit and Luck.
The Mojave River is an important source of water for the southern parts of the desert.
Androzani Minor is the only source of the spectrox drug, produced by bats within the desert planet's cave systems.
Mr. Oboler might as well be presenting five castaways on a desert isle."
It covers most of the Negev desert, as well as the Arava valley.
Its habitat types include rocky hillsides, thorn scrub, and desert washes and brush.
The cisterns were kept secret and were one of the reasons the Nabataea were able to thrive in the desert.
Barnavelt ask if Leidenberch has managed to persuade the English garrison to desert the Prince and join the insurrection.
She has lived and worked in the Orkney islands, on Jura and Mingulay and in the Libyan desert.
Desert Regional Medical Center now occupies the site of the old hotel.
The Macumba is situated in an arid region, the Simpson Desert and flows only very rarely.
Keren in the Negev desert is the only active foreign military installation in Israel.
Josh Homme attended Palm Desert High School.
Upon their return from overseas the battalion participated in the Desert Storm Victory Parade in Raleigh, North Carolina.
Desert Orchid won Kempton's most prestigious event, the King George VI Chase, four times between 1986 and 1990.
The series is full of vivid characters, swordplay, great warcats, and a desert world called Gandalara.
He later guides German spies across the desert to Cairo.
He has flown combat missions in Operations Desert Storm, Deny Flight, Northern Watch and Southern Watch.
Lake Manix is a former lake fed by the Mojave River in the Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County, California.
For example, desert pupfish can function in waters from 4º to 45ºC.
By this time, Kurdish forces had recaptured more than 500 square miles of mostly desert and highway.
The concept was to create an authentic looking desert fused with a wide theatre with Arabesque patterned edges.
Wadi Halfa has a hot desert climate (Koppen climate classification BWh) typical of the Nubian Desert.
The desert woodrat (Neotoma lepida) is a species of pack rat native to desert regions of western North America.
The battalion participated in Operation Desert Shield and Operation Desert Storm, Southwest Asia, November 1990-April 1991.
The National Desert Storm and Desert Shield War Memorial Act ("H.R. 503".
These jeeps are able to drive through the desert, ascend and descend sand dunes.
Messer and his two surviving henchmen desert during the battle.
Hawkeye and Mockingbird transport Jaimie Slade and Crossfire to the Nevada desert where Hamilton Slade is waiting for them.
The article includes low-resolution photos of the Black Rock Desert and Sulphur, Nevada.
The Eilenroc Gardens Villa Eilenroc was built on a rock in the middle of a virtual desert.
Since its inception, the Palm Desert Campus has maintained a close relationship with the nearby College of the Desert.
The pallid kangaroo mouse is found in central Nevada and a limited range in the eastern desert region of California.
The climate of Yemen is mostly desert weather.
The terrain in the park is now a transition zone between the low desert plateaus and the Rocky Mountains.
His Grace Bishop Macarius Stories from the Egyptian Desert.
Joe Allen purchased Desert God from the University of Arizona.
When a helicopter flies low to the ground in desert environments, sand striking the rotor blade can cause erosion.
Encyclopedia of Western Railroad History: The Desert States: Arizona, Nevada, New Mexico, Utah.
In 1991, the 138th TFS deployed to the Persian Gulf with 516 members in support of Operation Desert Storm.
Bill, Pam, and Ralph meet in the desert, where Ralph tell Bill about Holly.
The battalion participated in Operation Desert Shield and Operation Desert Storm in Southwest Asia during December 1990 through April 1991.
They may have originated in southern California and shifted into a desert environment due to population pressure along the coast.
Argonauts of the Desert: Structural Analysis of the Hebrew Bible.
The desert was originally described as dangerous as any natural desert but no more.
The Desert Man is a 1917 silent film Western directed by and starring William S. Hart.
Before folic acid fortification, about 4,100 pregnancies were affected by a neural tube defect each year in the United States.
Quality of wood never varies, impossible to detect the smallest defect.
There are four manifestations of deviant development (Death, Malformation, Growth Retardation and Functional Defect).
He died in Hamburg in 1924 of a brain embolism, thought to have been caused by a congenital heart defect.
This was due to a metallurgical and manufacturing defect in the first stage low pressure compressor disk.
There is also a defect in the Btk gene in this condition.
After his election, Abdul Rahman claimed that the opposition People's Justice Party offered him a bribe to defect from UMNO.
He was invalided out of the army in 1916 because of a heart defect.
Mice that lack casein kinase 2 alpha prime have a defect in the morphology of developing sperm.
The difference in mass between bound and unbound nucleons is known as the mass defect.
His only defect is probably his modesty."
He studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1817 but did not practice due to a vocal defect.
The exact chromosomal defect in isolated cleft hand is not yet defined.
Initially, it sought to obtain arms as well as increase its ranks from Indian soldiers expected to defect.
Synergism between ethanol excess and the genetic defect".
This magazine states that the starter's defect exists in early Virago models made in year 1982 and 1983.
This fails to last as he discovers his family's hereditary genetic defect that becomes active at adolescence.
She had a ventricular septal defect (hole in the heart), and he was still married to Ruma.
Patent ductus arteriosus is the most common defect.
Expression of the biochemical defect of methionine dependence in fresh patient tumors in primary histoculture.
Dopant-dopant and dopant-defect processes underlying activation kinetics.
But as the years passed, the younger generations began to defect from the Way.
During the transfer process in 1992, Roggenburg again challenged the decision to defect from Bern.
Females with this defect may have adducted thumbs or subnormal intelligence.
He finds out that his brother suffers from a congenital heart defect and needs surgery.
The ECG findings in atrial septal defect vary with the type of defect the individual has.
According to Himoud, the officers in his division abused him and other soldiers, whereupon they decided to defect.
This response is a relative afferent pupillary defect (or Marcus Gunn pupil).
Internal hard-drive defect management is a system present in hard drives for handling of bad sectors.
Process change management and defect prevention programs are integrated into processes.
Levine was born with a heart defect that required open-heart surgery at four months old.
He stated that he does not regret his decision to defect from North Korea to South Korea.
She was born with a heart defect and underwent open heart surgery before leaving Korea.
Chiang Kai-shek sought to convince Sun Chuanfang to also defect, though to the Kuomintang.
The garrison was commanded by Sidi Marjan, who refused to surrender or defect.
The enzyme defect responsible for OCA1-type albinism is tyrosine 3-monooxygenase (tyrosinase), which synthesizes melanin from the amino acid tyrosine.
Tye, died in infancy in 1995 from a heart defect.
In 2010, Bowen was diagnosed with a life-threatening heart defect at nineteen weeks in utero.
It can be moved into the breast defect while still attached to its blood supply under the arm pit (axilla).
In rare cases, congenital defect results in a short tail-like structure being present at birth.
The defect must substantially hinder the vehicle's use, value, or safety.
It is the most common complex congenital heart defect.
The main defect of ID speakers was very poor treble response, giving them a characteristic dull drone.
How the initial molecular defect, affecting all cells of the body, results in selective peripheral neuropathy is unknown.
If it is only seen on the stress scan it is called an area of inducible perfusion defect (ischaemia).
This "imperfection" in the lock mechanism is an unavoidable defect in the manufacturing process that allows for lock picking.
In mathematics, the signature defect of a singularity measures the correction that a singularity contributes to the signature theorem.
It was the first genetic defect linked with a specific human cancer.
Her laboratory was the first to identify a genetic defect, in the gene UGT1A1, that leads to Crigler-Najjar syndrome.
At the defect formed by the end of each tube, the magnetic field looks like that of a monopole.
Congenital estrogen deficiency can also be caused by a defect in the aromatase enzyme.
No defect in the aircraft itself was found.
Like all train safety equipment, defect detectors are not foolproof.
However, the team discredited them soon afterward, saying a road defect was the cause of the crash.
Dominant optic atrophy is an autosomal dominant disease caused by a defect in the nuclear gene OPA1.
This phenomenon is able to partially bond the two facing oxide surfaces, thus reducing the severity of the defect.
International Omphalocele Awareness Day is celebrated annually on January 31, as part of Birth Defect Awareness Month.
In the case of Harry v. Kreutziger, Harry was a First Nations Aboriginal with a congenital partial hearing defect.
Starkweather was born with genu varum, a mild birth defect that caused his legs to be misshapen.
In 2000 he had been hospitalized for three weeks because of a congenital heart defect.
The aforementioned defect was not a hindrance, with the class leading an admirable career on secondary routes.
Stallions which have had surgeries or other treatments to correct a congenital defect are not allowed to breed.
IBM is still delivering defect support for a fee.
Former ECW and WCW wrestler Steven Richards would belatedly defect to the Alliance, bringing WCW alumni KroniK with him.
With omphalocele the defect is usually much larger than in gastroschisis.
At that time, the procedure was used for patients who had TGA with a ventricular septal defect (VSD).
It is the result of an embryonic defect in the mesodermal-ectodermal midline development.
YBCO crystallises in a defect perovskite structure consisting of layers.
The seller is also liable if the defect was unknown to him.
It is called a cyanotic congenital heart defect (CHD) because the newborn infant turns blue from lack of oxygen.
According to the police official, further Al-Shabaab members intend to defect.
When there is a homozygous mutation it causes a uroporphyringen III synthase and uroporphyrinogen cosynthetase defect.
There is evidence that the correction of the congenital heart defect, patent foramen ovale (PFO), reduces migraine frequency and severity.
The genetic defect in EE is thought to involve an impairment in the degradation of sulfide intermediates in the body.
Even without a total pollution exclusion, around 2005 insurers began inserting another provision to deny construction defect claims.
The defect is normally fatal, although occasional cases have been reported of long-term survival following surgical intervention.
Initially Pfeiffer was considered unfit for active service because of a cardiac defect.
Essentially, this is a plain X-ray version of a filling defect as seen on computed tomography pulmonary arteriogram.
He portrayed the Mother of God "as devoid off any defect or imperfection, radiant with exception greatness and holiness."
The distraught Brigitte tries to persuade him to defect, but he returns to North Africa.
The monster, however, is very cunning when trying to hide this defect from its would-be victims.
To lead this group, Cain designs a very advanced Reploid, thought to be immune to whatever defect causes Mavericks.
Let us consider some scenarios where there is a defect in ventilation and/ or perfusion of the lungs.
The Amplatzer septal occluder was shown to have full closure of the ventricular defect within the 24 hours of placement.
The exact genetic defect in Galloway Mowat syndrome is yet to be discovered.
They decided to treat the newborn with antibiotics and bandages, rather than surgery to repair the defect.
The body of the animal has a large defect caused by the degenerated tin filling.
The difference is referred to as the defect.
The following table lists some binding energies and mass defect values.
The mesh is placed either over the defect (anterior repair) or under the defect (posterior repair).
Thus IBM programmers could read, insert, delete, and move lines of code by physically manipulating the cards in the deck.
Protein expressed from ligated gene insert is toxic to cells.
It has SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE, MERGE statements to operate on JSON data.
The book runs 160 pages and contains a four-page insert of black-and-white movie stills.
Interviews are edited to insert occasional explanations from Bell and Kondabolu (introduced by Kondabolu saying, "Hold up, wait a minute!"
There, he will insert himself into their journey, costumed as a ridiculous antagonist of his own invention.
If X intersects the interval of the right child of T, then insert X in that child, recursively.
Those who insert objects as aids to masturbation risk them becoming stuck (e.g. as rectal foreign bodies).
Stadium Club Members Only issued as a factory set and includes parallels of the insert sets as well.
Other common modes available in PC keyboards are Insert and the other lock keys, Num lock and Scroll lock.
The insert DNA is replicated with the viral DNA; thus, together they are packaged into viral particles.
Credits for Welcome To Tokyo adapted from album insert.
Fabricate and insert dentures in the mouths of patients.
Cpf1 appears to be more able to insert new sequences at the cut site, compared to Cas9.
All Eldorados were characterized by a three-deck, jeweled, rear grille insert, but other trim and equipment features varied.
It is injection molded of special high strength plastic and is reinforced with an aluminum insert in the base section.
Almost eight months later came the new EP, with a new added cover and insert art.
Finally, to arm explosive charge, insert the two friction-type pull igniters in the holes provided in the base.
An insert titled "Until" sung by Rena Uehara was also used.
Drops function for Insert/Picture/From Scanner or Camera.
Also included on the album insert were descriptions of what each song meant in the overall story.
She underwent surgery to insert a five-inch metal plate and eight screws into her leg.
Who hasn't heard as a defense of bigotry, "Some of my best friends are (insert oppressed minority name here)"?"
The IntelliStar is used at Cable Headends to insert Local Weather into The Weather Channel's national programming.
Most triggers are only activated by either INSERT or UPDATE statements.
These approaches did not require a high conductivity copper insert, but did not preclude its use.
Disc and back insert is labeled 1/100.
When inserted into the cartridge slot, another slot would pop-up to insert the Game Gear cartridge.
Choanal atresia can be suspected if it is impossible to insert a nasal catheter.
It's possible for people who have blogs to insert a widget which tracks ratings of that blog.
In addition to the opening/ending songs an insert song was also made called Gin'iro Doresu (銀色ドレス Silver Dress).
The grille insert was wider and new bumper guards were positioned lower to the parking lamps.
The insert is purified in order to isolate it from other DNA molecules.
The Cinderella LP insert lists the lyrics as follows:Sala-gadoola-menchicka-boo-la bibbidi-bobbidi-booPut 'em together and what have you got?
The insert song for Episode 12 is "GRADUATION COLOR" by Mao Amatsuka.
These lead weights were decorated with enameling, insert coins, or cut up ornamental metalwork.
All drivers wear helmets and their cars contain either duct taped windows or a wire mesh insert.
Using a different amortization argument, Pettie then proved that insert, meld, and decrease-key all run in amortized time, which is.
This process is known as Insert moulding and allows single parts to contain multiple materials.
Insert cards are randomly inserted into packs at a specific ratio.
The 1934 Wilfred's Annual similarly featured a Pantomime cut-out insert.
This allows genes that have restriction sites to be cloned without worry of chopping up the insert.
Janice needed an operation to insert an electrical implant which would stimulate her bladder to function.
Backdrops allowed users to insert movies or photos as a backdrop in video chats.
While there was no actual insert, some of the first pressing included a Misfits Fiend Club ad.
During feeding, the bee will insert its proboscis into the keel of the plant.
The DVD insert explains more about the series' creation and purpose: "There is no one character in the world history.
They are used by viruses to insert their genetic material into the host genomes.
As of 2012-06-17, you must insert the prefix '01' after the country code when calling a landline from outside Gabon.
The insert is placed in the mold of an injection molded part beforehand.
To fill the gap, the sequence of Gwyllm discovering music was quickly written as a five-minute insert by Joseph Stefano.
Plastic spiral binding is a three-step process: punch, insert, crimp.
The insert previews began with The New Teen Titans in DC Comics Presents #26 (Oct. 1980).
This set totals 33 cards and was available as an insert in 1989 Topps jumbo packs.
Following base excision, the polymerase can re-insert the correct base and replication can continue.
The insert song is "Capsule" by Mix Speakers, Inc and was used in episode three.
The sedan was carpeted in the rear with a carpet insert also found in the front rubber mat.
Sophia throws the teeth at her and they escape while she attempts to insert them into her mouth.
Women also began to insert themselves into the business of speakeasies.
Progesterone for vaginal administration is available in the form of a gel or insert (suppository).
This set totals 22 cards and was available as an insert in 1985 Topps rack packs.
Instead, the excuse given for Gangrel and Viscera's insert was that "JBL paid them off".
There may also be insert points for a certain bus, or even the entire mix.
These pockets are attached on three sides with the top side being open to insert the stamps.
The final step was for the bee to insert its mouthparts into the flower and initiate suckling.
Each certificate change requires a delete and insert operation in the priority queue of events.
Therefore, we will simply insertand insert both values at the end.
Quarter-inch phone connectors are widely used to connect external processing devices to mixing consoles' insert points (see Insert (effects processing)).
Technograph is available as a quarterly insert in the Daily Illini.
The Small Arms Protective Insert (SAPI) is a ceramic trauma plate used by the United States Armed Forces.
Users may insert, update, delete, or select if they have been granted appropriate privileges.
This release had a special CD jewel case in order to create a holographic-motion effect with the cover art insert.
Although a British-West German co-production, only one West German artist appears and that is on a pre-recorded film insert.
The number of subscribers after that amounted to 43 and continuation of issuing the insert would have been considered senseless.
To sequence the organism, plasmid and fosmid libraries were prepared with insert sizes of 4 and 40 kb.
The insert and the destination vector are then mixed together with DNA ligase.
Super hard steel is also needed to insert in the barrel of metal model handguns to prevent modification of structure.
This paper presented in its cultural insert music, performing and visual art by examples of creative works by Jewish artists.
While there was also an insert song titled "Until", used in episode 17.
One insert rotation option is available to prevent mating of similar connectors with different voltages.
The writers and star would insert musical interludes from Phil Harris and Dennis Day.
The idea was to insert ground forces into hostile territory, search out the enemy, destroy them, and withdraw immediately afterward.
Personal reel mounts were available with special pockets to insert the film chips.
Users are also able to insert a USB keyboard into the Wii system for text input.
You first must insert the CD into your computer to install the Xtractaurs software.
The ductus seminalis insert from above, a bit before the forward edge of the antrum.
The "Child-Write-Program" also has a speaking dictionary to insert words into the text and cloze text functions (cloze test).
TATP executes seven pre-defined transactions that insert, update, delete and query the data in the database.
It was also used as an "insert theme" on the 2012 Fuji TV series Iki mo dekinai natsu.
Zetchou Poison was added as an insert song for the single "Hengenjizai no Magical Star".
Once on the ride, riders would travel down a short incline, propelling them down the ride.
This design could be used as an electric motor and the rapid incline of the electrical industry followed.
Castle Shannon Incline Number 2 was an inclined cable railway in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The line survived well, fuelling the growth of Newport docks due to its downward incline for loaded trains.
It sits at the base of a small incline overlooked by the large Queen Anne style Townsend House.
Data on normal GRF during incline running has been sparse because of challenges in force platform construction.
Another signal box was provided at Honiton Incline.
Originally, its siting on an eastward-sloping incline had addressed the city centre across an intervening valley.
Horses then pulled the wagons to the foot of the Brusselton Incline, which descendend into Shildon.
The quarry was connected to the Croesor Tramway at the foot of the Lower Parc incline.
From the incline, the bed of the canal towards the Lilleshall Limeworks is clearly visible for most of its length.
Incline Creek and its associated trail ascends gradually to Camp Folsom and back to the Diamond Peak Resort.
The incline system was used in revenue service till 1982.
Moving off from an incline: A MMT car rolls backwards when on an up-sloping incline, unlike an automatic car.
The floor is angled in an incline so that melting ice water flows toward the floor.
The path runs downhill, but the incline is so slight that it is barely perceptible.
To become a member, a person must ascend the Incline a minimum of 500 times in 365 consecutive days.
Whichever way the branches of the bit incline, the horse's mouth always goes to the contrary.
Coal trains continued to use the old route including the old incline.
The Rimutaka Incline Railway has five, and the Glenbrook Vintage Railway has three which are mainline certified.
Center of Gravity at Work, video showing bjects climbing up an incline by themselves.
Operation of the incline ended in 1952.
It is flat with a slight incline towards the sea.
The total climbing was 306 m (1,004 ft) per lap and the maximum incline was 10.7%.
They usually played on the 10-foot-wide "Shelf" one-third of the way up the incline.
The house has a 12 degree incline.
The design includes a turfed incline which slopes downward to a sharply vertical face, typically a masonry retaining wall.
During incline running increases in activation of the rectus femoris and gastrocnemius were noted by Cai.
The Bhor Ghat incline connecting Palasdari to Khandala was completed in 1862, thereby connecting Mumbai and Pune.
From here the double-tracked line ran beside the workshops and up the steep Sheep Pasture incline.
811 was hauling a freight train when it was derailed on the Redheugh Incline, Gateshead, County Durham.
Unusual for the Polish architectural incline, this neat element was borrowed from the Eastern style.
The ball then rolls back to the player on a slight incline slanted back from the holes.
The Dyne Steel Incline railway over the mountain was built about 1850.
The line was notable for a stretch of steep 1 in 27 gradient called the Werneth Incline.
If a train is left on an incline, the number of handbrakes needed to hold the train increases.
The area was developed in the early 1900s as a resort with a hotel and incline railway.
Picture of recovery gear that uses a locomotive as its power source(Accessed 2008-03-26)"Listed building details: Camden Incline Winding Engine House".
It is likely that this was done at the time of adoption of the incline as part of the ECMR.
The southern section began at Lusty Glaze, where the site of the incline down the cliffs is still clearly visible.
He came to Pittsburgh and was associated with John Endres, the builder of the Monongahela Incline.
The clavicular portion of the pectoralis major is targeted through incline flies, when the arms rise upward as they adduct.
While Spelling was dropped down an eighty degree incline wall into a water tank.
In Quincy, visitors can walk along several parkland trails that reveal vestiges of the original railway trestle and the Incline.
In the tunnel under Lake Ontario two men shake hands on an incline of mud.
From this point, the remains of the incline extend up to Denniston.
The Lickey Incline is the steepest sustained adhesion-worked gradient on a British standard gauge railway.
The new truck was to climb a 60 percent incline and traverse a 40 percent slope.
His women are slim and long-limbed, his men incline to plumpness, and both enjoy tapering fingers and toes.
The incline varies between 20% at the top and 9% at the bottom.
Some of the rail was sent to the Rewanui Incline, as were a couple of the Fell brake vans.
All cars entered the subway through the Canal Street Incline just north of Haymarket.
Within a year, McCreery offered free incline rides to property auctions on the hill.
Three of the children, who knew how to move the incline cars, escaped to the top of the incline.
Goathland (Incline Top) railway station was a short lived, early, railway station in Goathland, North Yorkshire, England.
Back then, the incline railway on James Street was known as the Hamilton & Barton Incline Railway.
In 1998, Incline Software merged with The Hope Foundation.
The steep incline has been cited as a factor in some serious traffic accidents.
The standard gauge incline was one of the longest in Great Britain.
The northern line ran via a further incline to Pant Mawr Quarry, which lies at the head of Cwm Maesgwyn.
Visitors enter the room after a short walk up a slight concrete incline, embossed with concrete squares.
They were primarily used on the Pwllyrhebog Colliery Incline, and had special tapered boilers for this purpose.
Yokozawa found incline running to produce increased activation in the vasti group, hamstrings, iliopsoas, and adductors.
The Westport Coal Company built the Millerton Incline in 1891 and the Millerton Mine began production in 1896.
The Incline Village Crystal Bay Visitors and Convention Bureau was selected to manage the Lake Tahoe Shakespeare Festival.
The tunnel and deviation opened on 3 November 1955, five days after the Incline closed.
In this picture the Hay Incline Plane is visible in the background and the Tuckies riverbank in the foreground.
The Croesor Tramway travelled along the bed of the cwm, before rising steeply to Bwlch Rhosydd via Croesor Incline.
It was designed by James Anderson for banking duties on the Lickey Incline in Worcestershire (south of Birmingham), England.
The Duquesne Incline connects Duquesne Heights with the lower elevations of Pittsburgh.
Constructed in 1877, the double-track incline was 160 yards (150 m) long with an overall gradient of 1 in 4.
Westbound trains rise up a steep incline to join the North Clyde line from Queen Street station.
Nixe heeled over on its side, possible as a result of crossing an incline at the wrong angle.
The incline was designed by Norman Selfe who would also design what is now the Katoomba Scenic Railway.
In 1864 work started on bypassing the incline with a gentler bank (1 in 40).
Back then, the incline railway on James Street was known as the Hamilton & Barton Incline Railway.
These inversions can include vertical loops, incline loops, dive loops and corkscrews.
The Koranui Incline was located in the Waimangaroa valley on the West Coast of the South Island of New Zealand.
From there, a funicular (incline) goes to Incline Jobu Station, 456 m (1,496 ft) above.
In 1929 construction began on the present Route 309 to permit horseless carriages a more gradual incline up Butler Mountain.
Children naturally incline to activity, to conversation, creation, and inquiry.
This incline was later continued downwards to the main level.
The route heads north-northeast on a slight incline.
The first part of the main incline and the short upper incline were both built at a gradient of 1:24.
The asphalt is taken by trucks to railway cars which are on the incline.
Wellington was an important station as it stood at the foot of a steep incline.
The company's headquarters is located in Incline Village, Nevada, with additional corporate offices located across the US and Europe.
Because of the extreme degree of banking, Moneypenny had to come up with a way to pave the incline.
Incline Creek is part of the Lake Tahoe/Truckee River watershed.
In 1707 construction was begun on a wall to enclose the monastery grounds, uniting the various buildings within its confines.
Within its confines is the Holy Cross Cemetery, Brooklyn, which is located at 3620 Tilden Avenue.
However, the code is stored in one place in the confines of the human mind.
The Tiples have sung not only inside the confines of Santo Domingo Church, but also in many varied locations.
Ordinarily, the MIT Crime Club confines its efforts to checking police logs, collecting incident data, and constructing crime maps.
If this is what he sees, the kohen exits the house and confines it for seven days.
The pact formed the first extension of Papal territory beyond the confines of the Duchy of Rome.
However, their energy is easily expended within the confines of an apartment.
Christie confines the events of 1945 to 1965 to just twenty-three pages.
An inlay is a restoration which lies within the confines of the cusps.
She refuses and confines Blue Team in a Forerunner prison, to prevent them from interfering with her plan.
Benedictine monks, for instance, have often staffed parishes and been allowed to leave monastery confines.
It is essentially a sad love song where a woman obsessively stalks and confines her lover.
These offer a unique semi-secluded lakeside camping experience within the confines of the supervised camp.
Mr Tommasini sought to judge her narrowly, within the facile intellectual confines of mere technical pedantry.
In the late 1970s and early 1980s, programmers worked within the confines of relatively expensive and limited resources.
Libertarianism, in contrast, is a political philosophy which confines its attention to matters of public policy.
Car clubs also attend the event, displaying their cars within the confines of the circuit and performing parade laps.
As a result, Picard confines her to her quarters.
Distributed work entails the conduct of organizational tasks in places that extend beyond the confines of traditional offices or workspaces.
Its length is 209 km (130 mi), and it flows only within the geographical confines of Lithuania.
Despite the relatively small area that confines its popularity, a great variety of music is associated with baiao.
But Chekhov dies, and Vanya finds the resoluteness to stride out of the confines of his creator's world.
Pa is well enough to stay at home, and Whitlock confines the whole family to their house for their protection.
This ward stretches beyond the confines of Beckermet parish with a total population of 3,024.
This, her best-known work, is the story of a woman trapped in the confines of an oppressive society.
The items of the Crown Collection are available exclusively at retail outlets within the confines of Madison Square Garden.
The footsoldiers immediately retreated inside the confines of the barracks while the men on horseback stayed outside.
Gix flees and hides within the confines of Koilos.
The entire highway is within the confines of the Pisgah National Forest.
Mrs. Bridgetower is also outraged, although she confines this to her personal circle.
On the confines of the settlement, there is a pond originating from ballast-digging.
During the Pan Am's first three seasons NMSU compiled a gaudy 44-1 record within its friendly confines.
The entire area of Norton lies within the confines of Wise County, but is not a part of the county.
The fight was now within the confines of the greater fortress complex.
Bagnoli is a western seaside quarter of Naples, Italy, well beyond the confines of the original city.
While Shakespeare establishes himself, Judith is trapped by the confines of the expectations of women.
Within its confines are several residences, halls, chapels, and working buildings.
Matthews printed a wide range of work beyond the confines of drama.
One day, Jerusalem escaped from her confines into a nearby forest, and became aggressive and wild.
Its confines are within the 10th Police Precinct.
She argues for education beyond the confines of traditional knowledge.
The confines of the Habsburg Castle had become too small for the family members that lived there.
Michael remained in federal custody for another year within the confines of the halfway house.
Enemies may move outside the confines of the screen, but players may not.
Ultimately, the audience decides who Dick Datchery is within the confines of Dickens' story.
It should be aware of the impact its rulings may have outside the confines of the Community.
Variants of the subject outside such formal confines include natural and quasi-natural experiments.
The principle is that birth within the confines of the State gives only the status of a subject.
By 1938, Hugh was increasingly uncomfortable within the confines of Trinidad society, and he returned to New York City.
Many of these ships are far better suited to the open ocean than to the narrow confines of the canal.
Five men wake up inside the stolid confines of a factory to find themselves locked in this claustrophobic nowhere land.
Holliday Lake State Park is a state park located within the confines of Appomattox-Buckingham State Forest in Virginia.
The Strangers use a base 13 number system and it confines the krul to a certain order.
His paraplegia confines Bruce to a wheelchair.
In the main confines of the box, a plastic tray was recessed into which the cartridge fit snugly.
Cannon were used, but in such confines of the forest road, they were ineffective.
He confines Marian when she tries to summon help from France.
In addition, the gun proved to be too powerful for the limited confines of the Potomac.
There are five public schools and two private schools located in with in the confines of the Mattapan neighborhood.
Local citizens continued to be buried on the site within the confines of the church until 1865.
Through this, an adolescent acquires 'appropriate attitudes and values' needed to further succeed within the confines of education.
Due to the terms of its license, the signal was limited to the confines of the Florida State campus.
The constraints of folding puzzles is to fold designated shapes within the given confines of the paper.
He is known for using surreal humor and camp (style) within the confines of low-budget film.
The burial places found on the confines of the town render this pretension probable.
As a general rule the Defence Fire and Rescue Service only operates within the confines of the site it protects.
Audrey confines in Cleo what Trilby had told her making Cleo feel extremely embarrassed.
The balds are inhabited by a herd of introduced ponies allowed to run wild within the confines of the park.
This can turn quite vicious in the limited confines of captivity.
Tommen confines Cersei to the Red Keep after her release, in order to protect her from the Faith Militant.
King Juan Carlos began his reign as head of state without leaving the confines of Franco's legal system.
Independent words enjoy free ordering with respect to other words, within the confines of the word order of the language.
As the car passes through his neighborhood, Leonard Mead in the locked confines of the backseat says, "That's my house".
The medium is typically a fiber of silica glass that confines the incident light beam to the inside.
Exercising caution, Napier arms the loyal hundred and confines the remainder below.
From the 1960s, Shahan Natalie preferred to be silent and remained within the confines of his home.
Offbeat in New Orleans described Zaorski's first songwriting effort as fitting "snugly in the confines of Depression-era pop music".
The last part of the dance confines with the songs, paosha isheis, for the welfare of all the individuals.
In this variant the player can move freely within the confines of a large arena to engage in combat.
This is the boy's first step beyond the confines of home and school.
He "studied journalism at Vilnius University in the late 1950s before becoming disillusioned by the confines of the Soviet-controlled press.
Gradually, the Germans were pushed back to the confines of the narrow perimeter around the traffic bridge.
The fall of Teotihuacan is associated with the emergence of city-states within the confines of the central area of Mexico.
Evergreen Speedway is an automobile racetrack located within the confines of the Evergreen State Fairgrounds in Monroe, Washington.
Within the confines of Stonebridge, there is a hospital, five elementary schools and two middle schools.
The 4th Ring Road runs within the confines of the city of Beijing, more like a rectangle than a circle.
Severe thyroid atrophy presents often with denser fibrotic bands of collagen that remains within the confines of the thyroid capsule.
Part of the river exists within the confines of the Alafia River State Park.
The majority of students come from expatriate families, including those of British, Australian, Chinese, Korean and American nationality.
These expatriate populations are well-organized, have active elected leadership councils, and keep in close touch with doings in Nanumea itself.
More recently in April 2013, a Muslim expatriate was sentenced to 40 lashes for alcohol consumption.
In 1977, he founded the Association Bouddhique Khmer (Khmer Buddhist Association) with a small group of expatriate monks and laypersons.
Since 1975, no expatriate missionaries have been permitted to work within Laos.
301 Polish Bomber Squadron, an expatriate unit that fought as part of the Royal Air Force against Nazi Germany.
The film stars Nicolas Bro as a Danish expatriate living in Bangkok and Pimwalee Thampanyasan as his Thai girlfriend.
This tradition continued until the late 70's, when the local expatriate population diminished.
She brought together expatriate Modernists with members of the French Academy.
There was a large expatriate community of young and well-paid diplomats, security staff and international aid organizations.
The town is largely dependent on money sent from expatriate residents working in the Persian Gulf States.
Indonesians in Pakistan are a small expatriate community.
One speaker suggested that expatriate judges were particularly unfitted to deal with cases involving witchcraft, which this case involved.
The society is primarily geared toward expatriate relocation and offshore banking and trusts.
One restaurant serves crepes because of its French expatriate owner.
The most prominent directors remaining in London were Alexander Korda, an expatriate Hungarian, and Alfred Hitchcock.
In 1981, expatriate families began a cooperative to educate their children from a biblical worldview.
During the Perestroika era, KVN spread to Russian expatriate communities around the world.
TIS was established in 2002 to provide a Canadian curriculum and accreditation to local and expatriate students.
Burns suspects a British mercenary, who is known throughout the expatriate community for his brutality and violence.
Other urban Christian expatriate communities from Europe and West Africa are also presented.
Besides the expatriate Indians, Brunei also has a large expatriate community of Filipino, Indonesian and English-speaking origins.
The decision to expatriate Zelaya was however taken by the military themselves, knowing full well that expatriation violated the constitution.
In 1849, he moved to Paris, where he studied under the expatriate Danish painter Theude Gronland (1817-1876).
Other significant expatriate communities in the country are Armenians, Australians, Turks, Chinese, Americans, Filipinos, Bosnians and many others.
For welfare services to the expatriate community in Spain.
The town derives its name from General William "Lord Stirling" Alexander, a Scottish expatriate, who served valiantly under Gen.
Hosmer once lived in an expatriate colony in Rome, befriending many prominent writers and artists.
He referred to the expatriate Chinese as "Tang" people (唐人, Tangrén).
The novels always involve a romance between the main characters (often a disenfranchised expatriate American) and a mysterious woman.
The largest expatriate community of New Zealanders and Australians are in Southern California, hence this location.
The other major influence on the development of American Tonalism was the expatriate American painter James Abbott McNeill Whistler.
On a volunteer basis, she organizes networking events for the Oslo International Club, an expatriate organization.
Semi-governmental The Myanmar Times weekly, published in Burmese and in English, is mainly geared for Yangon's expatriate community.
While in Venezuela, Porro met two Italian expatriate architects: Roberto Gottardi and Vittorio Garatti.
The youths stormed the flow station and chased out the oil workers including the expatriate workers.
Truong was a South Vietnamese expatriate living in the United States and who as active in the anti-Vietnam War movement.
Americans in the United Arab Emirates form one of the largest Western expatriate communities in the UAE.
An expatriate advice website states that driving and owning a car in Singapore is very expensive.
Expatriate Indians in UAE not hit by global meltdown"Qatar's population by nationality".
They directly proceeded to enter the residential building where most of the expatriate staff was asleep.
Pareles, Jon (September 10, 1982) "Pop/Jazz: Mal Waldron, Expatriate, Brings Quintet to Town" The New York Times.
The track was put in by Mr Jim Hodgekinson, an expatriate Canadian.
Expatriate Byzantine scholars and later Italian humanists continued the argument.
Founded in 1935 by expatriate English tailor Simon Ackerman, and presently owned by Prominent Europe.
This was in 1943, some years before he gained fame as an expatriate novelist and journalist living in France.
In 2006, an expatriate was sentenced to death by stoning for committing adultery.
He was assisted by his brother Emmanuel, as well as two expatriate Poles: Marek and Podrabsky.
In June 2014, a Muslim expatriate was sentenced to 40 lashes for consuming alcohol and driving under the influence.
The group was founded in 2004 and is made up of expatriate permanent residents and locals.
The tournament was keenly contested between the expatriate-dominated Royal Selangor Club and COBRA.
The Club consists of a diversified membership base of expatriate residents, foreign nationals and supporters.
With just fourteen students, ISOZ provided an English speaking primary education for the expatriate families in the region.
In mid-2010 there were more than 1.8 million Sri Lankan expatriate workers.
It is predominantly residential, and is mainly occupied by Shell's local and expatriate staff dependants.
More than 370 expatriate faculty and staff members contributed to the success and operation of ISK.
He is an English expatriate in the U.S. since 1992.
The company sends him to Paris where he meets Marjorie, a worldly, promiscuous and beautiful British expatriate.
The French hospital administrators were succeed by an expatriate Italian Catholic nun, although the hospital also receives Protestant support.
Peter M. Sacks (born in 1950) is an expatriate South African painter living in the United States.
Kuwait Asians is a community website for the Indian, Sri Lankan, Pakistani, Bangladeshi and Filipino expatriate population in Kuwait.
By 1717 banking had been added to goldsmithing and the business attracted a growing clientele, especially expatriate Scots in London.
Nicholas Morath is an expatriate Hungarian in his forties and the co-owner of an advertising agency in Paris.
Christian Georgian missionaries were active in the North Caucasus and the expatriate monastic communities were scattered throughout the Eastern Mediterranean.
They concentrate on bringing a variety of programming of interest to the expatriate communities from Pakistan, India, and Bangladesh.
Slade talked about his encounter with an expatriate woman who was talking about the genocides in Rwanda.
The titular role was played by John Napier Adams, a long-term American expatriate and IT consultant for USAID in Bangladesh.
Fogle is the son of English actress Julia Foster and Canadian expatriate veterinarian Bruce Fogle.
People from hundreds of kilometers away come to celebrate this festival including a number of expatriate members of community.
The magazine targeted readers among expatriate and Omani working women as well as housewives.
Shortly after Labunski's death, Mack traveled to Canada for a six-month collaboration with American expatriate rockabilly artist Ronnie Hawkins.
In 1834, an American expatriate to Great Britain, Jacob Perkins, built the first working vapor-compression refrigeration system in the world.
Reggie relaunched his hectic social life, but his wife interacted little with the expatriate community, focussing instead on her writing.
As of 2006 the private sector was largely dominated by expatriate workers from Southeast Asia and the Arab world.
The film, thus tries to form an emotional connection with the expatriate Indian audiences.
Its Japanese Clinic is well received by the Japanese expatriate community in Singapore.
Members of the inaugural team were expatriate Scottish coal miners who had settled in Minmi.
The corporate entity was in partnership with an expatriate, Jimmy Large.
The library is also the site for expatriate meetings, children's storytelling hours, and other cultural events.
Following this parable, Petrescue saw as the church's mission to foster evangelism among expatriate Christians in Egypt.
With the economy recovering in the 1990s, expatriate populations, particularly from Egypt and South Asia, have grown again.
The Indian diaspora in France includes expatriate residents of France from India, as well as people of Indian national origin.
Natalie Barney, expatriate writer, held a salon at 20 Rue Jacob.
John Amery, the son of prominent British politician Leo Amery, became an expatriate in the 1930s, moving to France.
There were also attempts to organise expatriate Indian revolutionaries in Europe and the United States.
The number of expatriate workers have been ever growing as well as the remittances they send back.
Guiluxe, a favorite of expatriate Peace Corps Volunteers, is the only known locally brewed beer in Guinea.
In modern times (1960 onwards) Jumeirah was the principal area for western expatriate residences.
It was the first football club in Cairo emerged from its non-English expatriate communities.
Expatriate Uruguayans have their own associations in Italy, notably the Italy-Uruguay Cultural Association and two Consultative Councils.
Dead volumes refer to all cavities in which air cannot be compressed during decrease of the air gap.
For this reason a variety of systems were used to decrease the sensitivity of the radiogoniometer to mis-tuning.
Given their superior speed and level of comfort, it was inevitable that demand for the Newcastle Flyer would decrease.
It would tend to decrease the political power and revenue flowing to government bureaucrats.
Eggs decrease slightly in size from laying to hatching.
However, smaller pores increase equivalent series resistance (ESR) and decrease specific power.
Instead, he sent Li Wu away to try to decrease the friction.
These phosphatases decrease the activation of molecules involved in cell signaling.
Addition of plasticizers reduces cost, improves pressure-sensitive tack, decrease melt viscosity, decrease hardness, and improve low-temperature flexibility.
The barycentric orbital period will decrease from 19000 years (epoch 1950) to 9000 years (epoch 2050).
In 2010, Upper Dauphin Area Administration reported a decrease to $2,163,894.00 in the unreserved-undesignated fund balance.
During fiscal year 2015, the Wolverine carried 465,627 passengers, a 0.3% decrease from FY 2014's total of 477,157 passengers.
Before debut, D-Business confirmed that the group will increase and decrease the number of members at different times.
This hardness decrease is accompanied by the decrease in magnetic susceptibility.
Likewise, it is the fractional decrease in saving that results from a decrease in income.
Mycotoxins in animal fodder, particularly silage, can decrease the performance of farm animals and potentially kill them.
Passengers do not make allowances for pitstops, and their tip will continue to decrease as the player tanks up.
T. oceanicus males that have been parasitized by O. ochracea show a decrease in reproductive investment.
He starts a project in Persepolis that held in next years to decrease the age of the first team squad.
The District has seen a slight decrease in the percentage of special education students it serves, yielding no savings.
This was a decrease from 72% support two years previous, and an increase from 63% in 2000.
This decrease in the concentration of NADH would up regulate SIR2, since NADH functions as a competitive inhibitor of SIR2.
Stimulant therapy should be stopped periodically to assess continuing need for medication, decrease possible growth delay, and reduce tolerance.
The number of foreign tourists visiting Istanbul declined to 9.2 million in 2016, a 26 percent decrease compared to 2015.
The development of norms results in a decrease in spontaneity, which is often one of the primary attractions of sects.
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) proposed a 2016 average baseline rate decrease of .95% in February 2015.
Such upward motions decrease the mass of local atmospheric columns of air, which lowers surface pressure.
In general, air pressure and density decrease with altitude in the atmosphere.
For 2012, the amount of the credit will decrease to $12,650, and in 2013 to $5,000.
When left-sided heart failure is the cause, the individual is instructed to decrease intake of salt.
There are methods, techniques and devices that decrease the occurrence of this type of adverse side effect.
All of these protective measures add to the weight an infantryman must carry, and may decrease combat efficiency.
This decrease in the current value of future cash flows is based on the market dictated rate of return.
However; if they are ignored, they will decrease in skill level.
The oscillation periods broadly decrease with effective temperature, ranging from about 30 min down to about 1 minute.
It was hoped that this feature would significantly decrease drag.
Civil conflicts can also decrease access to food.
With the decrease in structural supports, women's roles in policing stagnated.
This season drew an overall 3.8 million votes which displayed a significant decrease from the previous season.
As the name of this title implies, this title is held for life, regardless of any subsequent decrease in rating.
Bicycling to work has been shown to decrease mortality by as much as 40%.
But in determining whether to increase or decrease prices, a firm needs to know what the net effect will be.
Higher doses have a greater effect, but the decrease in cardiovascular disease outweighs the risk of developing diabetes.
Additionally, there is a dose-dependent decrease in reproduction ability for females that have mutations in mitochondrial DNA.
Naltrexone is used to decrease cravings for alcohol and encourage abstinence.
Success is defined as a relative decrease in pain.
The decrease in minimum flow rate by higher temperatures allows more blood to flow and dissipate heat throughout the body.
Spaying and castrating can decrease the risk of hormone-driven diseases such as mammary cancer, as well as undesired hormone-driven behaviors.
It is classified as Vulnerable by the IUCN and its numbers will probably decrease by about one-third until 2020.
The extract produced a significant decrease in serum progesterone levels.
Precipitation is estimated to continue to decrease over the next 50 years.
It should be noted that high concentrations of phosphate severely decrease stability of horseradish peroxidase.
Pocahontas County has seen a large decrease in the amount of farms.
The decrease was minimal compared to other townlands, due to work being available in the town.
Neurotoxic oligomeric amyloid-β species decrease the expression of insulin receptors on the neuronal cell surface and abolish neuronal insulin signaling.
Moreover, the water vapour continuum absorptivity, molecule for molecule, decreases with pressure decrease.
Yohimbine has been used to decrease glucose levels to a healthy level.
Atayurt residents are afraid that this project may cause a partial drought around Atayurt and decrease agricultural production.
The decrease represents total change from the combined FY12 budgets for both Cabinet Departments.
This is an decrease of 1.66% from the 32.45% turnout during the previous municipal election in 2005.
That is, the tariff level available for new generators will decrease annually.
Diseases, exploitation and the miserable conditions under which they lived contributed to a significant decrease in their numbers.
The origin of the threshold decrease can be understood as a consequence of charge neutrality: the Yau charge-sharing model.
The import/export balance did derive a benefit from a large decrease in imports and a more tempered decrease in exports.
Additionally, there was a decrease in the amount of businesses present in the community.
Same-sex couples headed 25 households in 2010, a decrease from the 30 counted in 2000.
Between the headwaters and the mouth, there is a 705-foot (215 m) decrease in elevation.
The two other players ride a pair of stationary bicycles which decrease the treadmill's speed the faster they are pedaled.
In the cases below, an increase in the hold time in the tote can decrease the average minimum cycle time.
How the loss of IGSF1 causes a decrease in TRH receptors is presently unknown.
After about 20 years vines start to produce smaller crops, and average yields decrease, leading to more concentrated, intense wines.
This was a moderate decrease from the previous episode, "Un-American Graffiti", which earned 2.35 million viewers.
However, the impedance tends to decrease during experiment and is usually below 1 MΩ while impulses are recorded.
With its high overhead expenses, MGM's profit margins continued to decrease.
The idea is that can be chosen to decrease the variance of the measurement QN.
High intakes of zinc can significantly decrease copper absorption.
The Rivulettes success caused the number of member teams to decrease.
However, in 2000, his popularity started to decrease and his last film was 香港處男.
If either residue exhibits a mutation, can result in a decrease in CRAT activity.
The last toll rise led to a decrease in usage of the tunnel.
These programs have been proven to decrease substance abuse and increase communal connections and support.
Along with deforestation and adverse weather conditions, the decrease in milkweed contributed to an 81% decline in monarchs.
Anangu allege that a decrease in the number has implications for the condition and health of the landscape.
However, a person can decrease their susceptibility to TTS by improving their cardiovascular fitness overall.
This is an advantage over PME formulas that use an IRR calculations, whose final value will decrease over time.
Patients affected by ADT tachyphylaxis experience a noticeably sudden progressive decrease in response to SSRIs.
Its population was 303 at the 2010 census, a decrease from 369 in 2000.
Taking prenatal vitamins before pregnancy may decrease the risk.
Westphal's sign is the clinical correlate of the absence or decrease of patellar reflex or knee jerk.
The Sunni Gedimu and the Yihewani burned incense during worship.
The best frankincense is grown in Oman and the incense is widely used in worship in India.
The single species, A. nitidula is known colloquially in Australia as incense cedar.
This has given the incense cedar a competitive advantage over other species such as the bigcone Douglas-fir in recent years.
The deities are offered scented dried leaves/stalks of rhododendron anthopogon, juniperus recurva, rhododendron setosum or incense sticks made of pine.
The family altar and memorial tablets cleaned and decked with incense, fruit, and sugarcane (uji) offerings.
Combustible bouquets were used by the ancient Egyptians, who employed incense within both pragmatic and mystical capacities.
Camphor has been used for many centuries as a culinary spice, a component of incense, and as a medicine.
For the liturgy, members use such things as incense, chrism and Orthodox icons,.
Over the years, Tibetan incense making have been polluted and over commercialized which leads to incense formulation by non-authentic makers.
The use of these incense timekeeping devices spread from Buddhist monasteries into secular society.
The word copal is derived from the Nahuatl language word copalli, meaning "incense".
Individual sticks of incense are then vertically placed into individual censers.
Prayers are offered daily at the temple with incense burning.
Incense stands for prosperity, the more incense burnt, the greater one's prosperity.
In the middle of each street stands an altar of incense with fresh fruit and sacrifices displayed on it.
The sanctuary contained the seven branched candlestick, the table of showbread and the Incense Altar.
Neo soul artists are often associated with alternative lifestyles and fashions, including organic food, incense, and knit caps.
The study found gaseous aliphatic aldehydes, which are carcinogenic and mutagenic, in incense smoke.
Ceramic incense burner figurines from the Escuintla region of Pacific Guatemala frequently depict the wearing of mirrors upon the chest.
Incense is aromatic biotic material which releases fragrant smoke when burned.
K-2 is placed on materials such as incense that are dried and smoked.
Incense and Peppermints is the first album by psychedelic rock band Strawberry Alarm Clock.
Incense ceremonies are mentioned in The Tale of Genji in the early 11th century.
It is hosted during the same day and at the same venue as the incense offering.
These eastern regions' resources included products used in temples, notably incense.
Watches may have replaced incense sticks, but the "hitting the bowl" name remains.
Using incense seal clocks requires a period of preparation.
Concurrently, a scented smell of incense followed by all pervading divine music was also noted.
Jewish law prescribes that the ingredients used in making the incense be re-pounded twice a year.
For example, Nag Champa is an incense containing a fragrance combining Plumeria and sandalwood.
Small pieces of the wood are also used as a form of natural incense in spiritual rituals.
Over time, the incense made in Awaji Island became renowned throughout Japan.
In Low Mass incense is not used and the responses (in Latin) are given by one or more servers.
Dragon's blood incense is also occasionally sold as "red rock opium" to unsuspecting would-be drug buyers.
After offering incense to heaven, he used chopsticks to take the paper out of the bottle.
Sha Lo Wan was noted for its incense production during the Ming dynasty.
The Babylonians used incense while offering prayers to divining oracles.
Besides meaning "incense", the Chinese word xiang (香) also means "fragrance; scent; aroma; perfume; spice".
Inside is incense, holy scriptures, valuable items of everyday use.
But in orthodox Daoist practice, offerings should essentially be incense, candles and vegetarian offerings.
The brown incense paper serves as the base.
Some of the recommended treatments made use of cannabis and incense.
Gombiner forbids the naghile's use because its tobacco is analogous to the mugmar (spice incense) banned by Talmudic law.
The Blessed Sacrament may be preceded by bearers carrying leafy branches, incense burners or other devotional items.
At higher elevations, forests include Ponderosa pine, Jeffrey pine, Lodgepole pine, Incense cedar, White fir, Red fir, and deciduous oak.
Navicula is Latin for "small ship", and also a term in English for a boat-shaped incense-holder.
At the same time, the beatings of drums and gongs resound to the sky as incense smoke curls upwards.
The dry binding powder usually comprises about 10% of the dry weight in the finished incense.
Many of the classical arts can be seen in the tea culture, examples: calligraphy, flower arts, incense arts, and such.
This includes Incense for the Damned, filmed in 1969 and starring Patrick Macnee, Patrick Mower and Peter Cushing.
Gifts are offered to the Buddha on behalf of the mourned, typically food, drink, incense or flowers.
Although perfume and perfumery also existed in East Asia, much of its fragrances are incense based.
Inksticks are made mainly of soot and animal glue, sometimes with incense or medicinal scents added.
Here, incense sticks and other Buddhist supplies are available for purchase.
Artefacts recovered include portions of a ceramic incense burner and broken obsidian prismatic blades.
In most Arab countries, incense is burned in the form of scented chips or blocks called bukhoor.
Roots and resin from acacia are combined with rhododendron, acorus, cytisus, salvia, and some other components of incense.
The incense smoke provides an answer, but the smoke must be interpreted by a diviner.
They returned from Punt with incense, gum and perfumes, and quarried the Wadi Hammamat for stones.
He grows concerned when he believes Sky has been smoking cannabis, but Sky assures him it was only incense.
The archbishops on the lawfulness of the liturgical use of incense and the carrying of lights in procession.
Olibanum is characterised by a balsamic-spicy, slightly lemon, fragrance of incense, with a conifer-like undertone.
Smoke is used in rituals where incense, sage, or resin is burned to produce a smell for spiritual purposes.
The first offerer proceeds to the tablet of Tseng Tzu, kneels, burns incense three times, offers the sacrifice, and rises.
The incense burner can be classified in four parts: the body, lid, the phoenix-shaped knob, and the support plate.
Smoke from the soldiers' guns, fired in repeated volleys, served as incense.
Incense and bells are used for Festal Eucharist.
The homemade crafts available in the past have included toys, clothing, jewelry, home decor, candles/incense, games, and personalized trinkets.
Both incense sticks and coconuts are also exported from this village to the city of Mysore.
When visiting the heads of one's family, incense is offered to ancestors.
It was a rich, fertile land where precious stones, myrrh and incense abounded.
Samurai warriors would prepare for battle by purifying their minds and bodies with the incense of koboku.
The plate may also contain flowers, incense and akshata (rice).
Traditionally, parents whose children are attending college entrance examinations go there to pray and burn incense.
The Sanskrit Malhari Mahatmya suggests offerings of incense, lights, betel and animals to Khandoba.
The society plans to start production of incense sticks ona mass scale.
The following section is a place and put incense altar.
Some of these incense-burners bore a suspended solar disc with modelled rays.
An incense burner in the form of a skeletal canine depicts Xolotl.
Direct-burning incense is either extruded, pressed into forms, or coated onto a supporting material.
These are do-it-yourself incense sticks that do not burn and look almost identical to typical incense sticks.
Her worship will be done by kesar, chandan (sandal wood) and dhup (incense sticks).
In the time-honored traditions of Jinkoya Sakubei, Baieido has dedicated itself to making incense for over 300 years.
The incense burners were found exactly where the Kaqchikels had left them when they abandoned Iximche.
His first national win was for his play No Incense Rising which won the Nationwide Dramatists' Club of Australia Competition.
They cannot be bribed by prayers or incense.
The Coptic terms for 'Matins' and 'Vespers' are 'The Morning Raising of Incense' and 'The Evening Raising of Incense' respectively.
Two vessels of incense, one in the altar, the other in the middle of the church, are lit.
We have the ritual: Karl brings the incense, I bring the live lamb and the long knife, and we began.
The film was released to theaters for a brief theatrical run under the alternate title "7 Doors of Death."
On October 3, 2008, Heatley was named alternate captain to Daniel Alfredsson, along with defenceman Chris Phillips.
Alternate systems that supply navigational data include:Inertial navigation systems.
This Committee had 170 members and 109 alternate members.
According to Marissa G. Muller of Rolling Stone magazine, Rowe's vocals alternate between a "vapory husk and a sky-high falsetto."
Slider wears the Patriots' navy blue alternate jersey with gray pants
The color band is Permanent Red, with Chocolate Brown borders, "47" and "50" alternate each other below the tile band.
Many elements of the genre have been transplanted into fantasy worlds, particularly those of fantasy of manners and alternate history.
The alternate term "body color" is sometimes one word "bodycolor".
Evan is transported to an alternate reality, a vast expanse of empty whiteness, possibly Purgatory.
However, an alternate track listing was posted on Tommy2.net on January 25, 2009.
Sometimes appended with the speaker's name in alternate case, followed by a colon.
Johann Georg Albrechtsberger wrote an alternate Benedictus.
Jordan is now an alternate captain for the Carolina Hurricanes.
Extravagants Dientes is an alternate recording of "Casate Colmillo" which first appeared on the 2011 compilation album Telesterion.
County Road 189A in southeastern Okaloosa County is a county suffixed alternate of SR 189.
The Cheyarafim were victorious in the battle and banished the "demons" to an alternate dimension for all eternity.
Chartered motor coaches were used in the interim as alternate transportation.
In addition to Lizzie's vlogging, other characters also released videos which provided access to alternate perspectives and story elements.
It also served as an alternate soundtrack to the 1973 film The Holy Mountain by Alejandro Jodorowsky.
It serves as a business loop and an alternate route for I-70.
Alongside the Fantastic Four, he journeyed to an alternate Earth, and helped battle the Warlord.
G. Schirmer has published several alternate arrangements for Adagio for Strings.
Similarly, critics were ambivalent towards the alternate finale.
The alternate captains include Kelley Steadman, Bailey Bram and Jess Jones.
Mary Rosenblum's story "Sacrifice", from Sideways in Crime, won the 2008 Sidewise Award for Alternate History (Short Form).
It has alternate, entire smooth leaves and reticulate veins.
In alternate universe shown in Nagayana series, Natasha has been revealed to be the lawfully wedded wife of Dhruva.
She was an alternate to the artistic gymnastics team at the 1992 Olympics.
She acted as the event alternate throughout the season.
In the alternate reality of the crossover story arc "House of M", Nick Fury has vanished some time ago.
Di Meola used alternate-picking to perform very rapid sequences of notes in his solos.
This half-hour series was broadcast alternate Sundays at 10:30 p.m. (Eastern) from 20 October 1963 to 26 July 1964.
The Supreme Squadron members exist in numerous alternate universes, but their main and original timeline is Earth-712.
The Lost Experience was an alternate reality game that was part of the American television drama Lost.
The 2012 Blu-ray release features several additional and alternate scenes that were not included in the theatrical release.
Screencaps from a second workprint featuring deleted and alternate footage have been posted online, but copies are rare.
This provided an alternate, legal method to acquire vehicles only sold overseas.
She used the opportunity to propagate her own witch-cult theory, failing to mention the alternate theories proposed by other academics.
She will play in both the real dimension and the alternate dimension.
During the Infinity event, alternate-universe Builders destroyed an Earth for the Illuminati.
Mulholland continued to perform as the alternate until 20 August 2008.
Nie was made an alternate member of the 9th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China.
Gerhard Larsson alludes to an alternate reading which gives Heber's age at death as 304 years.
Some editions of the album include a second disc featuring the all-instrumental version of Pelagial with an alternate mix.
He was a Botanist who advocated holistic living and alternate scientific approach.
The scenes constantly alternate between a single frame to a grid.
The September sessions for "I'm So Young" and "Dance, Dance, Dance" were discarded alternate versions.
Clocks were manufactured with this alternate face, usually combined with traditional hour markings.
White is often used as a secondary color and for alternate jerseys.
He served as an alternate referee in 1995 at Super Bowl XXIX and in 1999 at Super Bowl XXXIII.
While alternate local roads and other forms of transportation may provide some competition, it is often impractical, especially for goods.
Also during round robin play Serena Williams withdrew, and Marion Bartoli was brought in as the alternate.
Two years later, she was an alternate for Beatrice Miltenburg's 12th place team.
It is also worth mentioning the fortnightly market that takes place in Boal, hosted on every alternate Mondays.
Players determine who moves first, then turns alternate.
Season 206/17 Ilya Antonovsky return to the hockey team Saryarka Karaganda Kazakhstan SHL as an alternate captain.
John Dittrich, Dave Innis, and Paul Gregg alternate as lead vocalists on this album.
The alternate name commemorates Robert Falla, a New Zealand ornithologist.
In the alternate timeline after the failed assassination, Kennedy is re-elected in 1964 and dies in 1983.
It is an alternate reality game and a TV-series first aired in Sweden during the autumn of 2007.
Over the next 30 years, Namora appeared in a number of flashbacks and alternate reality stories, including What If?
In the novel, she has an alternate history compared to the real George Sand.
The game takes place on an alternate Earth in an era resembling the 1940s.
In real life, both the turkey and the alternate are spared.
On the alternate Sundays, his father in law served as the parish's lay leader, while Rev.
In the alternate timeline of the Flashpoint, Madame Xanadu is still a fortune-teller.
The second alternate was Sloane Stephens, who failed to reach a final, but went deep in Slams.
Dr. Orne did not encourage this development and subsequently this "alternate personality" disappeared.
Dziamyan Turchyn (alternate listings: Demian Turchin or Demyan Turchin, born 2 March 1985 in Minsk) is a Belarusian sprint canoer.
Deadlands: Lost Colony is a genre-mixing alternate history roleplaying game which combines the science fiction and horror genres.
These monsters live in the Never-Was, an alternate world where they are imprisoned.
Wheat is the primary host, and barberry is the alternate host.
Essentially, the idea of God in Caputo's thought is an alternate name for particular manifestations of undeconstructibility.
The setting takes place in an alternate universe controlled by Apocalypse with backgrounds that stay true to the X-Men comics.
The leaves are mostly alternate, rarely opposite, simple and entire.
The Patriots also have an alternate cap that has a navy blue crown with a maroon brim and button.
During that intervening three month period, women are advised to use an alternate contraceptive method.
The undivided highway crosses over CSX's Baltimore Terminal Subdivision before reaching the partial interchange with US 1 Alternate.
Take the "A" Train was reissued on CD in 2000, with two alternate takes of "Go Away Blues".
The instruments in their goals are the Alternate Laws or Alternate Forces.
The novels depict an alternate version of Type-0's story.
Chinnamul (alternate spelling Chhinnamul, The Uprooted) was a 1950 Bengali film directed by Nemai Ghosh.
In the 10-11 school year, Cedar Falls had 17 students, not counting one alternate, selected for All-State band.
The pirates have trashed the place so John decides to take an alternate route to the alien temple.
He was an editor and contributor to Greenhill's Alternate Decisions series since 1995.
AES uses alternate fuel sources, such as old tires and used motor oil, to help power the plant.
For example, alternate forms exist for several tests of general intelligence, and these tests are generally seen equivalent.
The singers divide into two groups of three and each group sings alternate stanzas.
The result is a gothic novel which effortlessly merges fact and fiction into an almost recognizable alternate history.
In the alternate Movie themed future of the UK comics, Thrust was indicated to have taken command of the Seekers.
Leaves alternate, toothed in uneven patterns in the top half of the leaf.
Will Smith also made frequent references to Roscoe's on his sitcom The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air.
In addition, he is a frequent performer on cruise ships and in resorts chartered by Atlantis Events.
Fishermen frequent the local beaches and the Pacifica Pier, often catching Striped Bass and Salmon.
At the age of 18, he commenced work as a sales representative, and so had to make frequent trips.
Frequent disturbance often perturbs agricultural habitats and the response to disturbance varies among EPN species.
Le Culot Air Base was a frequent target of USAAF Ninth Air Force B-26 Marauder medium bombers.
There are frequent "Shipmeets" where shipmates get together at different locations around the world.
However, he remained a frequent visitor to The Club, a gym located in Woodbridge.
Lik also served as a special contributor for TWC, providing segments from his frequent travels to weather-impacted locales.
Not every mission goes as planned, however, and Nikita has frequent run-ins with her former mentor, Michael.
These names were given to the painter because of the frequent representation of the Palatinate princes.
Practically none of his work contains elves either, though most other 'standard' races are frequent.
Services are less frequent in the late evenings and on Sundays, usually every 60 minutes.
Frequent visitors were Victor Shklovsky, Alexander Blok, Vladimir Mayakovsky, and Anna Akhmatova, the youngest of a famous conclave.
There are frequent buses running between Fuyang and Hangzhou and other nearby cities.
Its most frequent application is perhaps in probability theory.
It is also associated with spontaneous bacterial peritonitis, a frequent complication occurring in patients affected by cirrhosis.
The most frequent visitors are walkers, joggers, Nordic walkers and dog owners, who enjoy the idyllic atmosphere of the park.
Despite the frequent mating, no cubs were produced.
The main threats to its survival are dieback caused by Phytophthora cinnamomi, weed invasion, grazing and frequent fires.
The town is subject to frequent typhoons.
Continental considered BusinessFirst to be its signature onboard product, and the service is a frequent subject of advertising campaigns.
Frequent visitors to this town also find the Clarkton School of Discovery to be an important landmark in this town.
He had noted in his correspondence the frequent raids of the pirate Peter Easton on the fisherman.
It represents the most frequent cause of hypogonadism and infertility in men.
He was a frequent performer at the National Storytelling Festival in Jonesborough, Tennessee.
Regardless of the season, cloudy days are common, being more frequent in the days of winter.
Created and written by Simon along with frequent collaborator George Pelecanos, the series pilot began shooting in October 2015.
The mutations in this gene may lead to, but not a frequent cause of, cryptorchidism.
Avocado trees require frequent, deep watering to bear optimally, particularly in spring, summer, and fall.
He is also a frequent commentator on Korean affairs on radio, television and print.
Droughts are frequent with rain primarily falling in the summer.
He is the most frequent driver of the Action Mobile, the League's official transportation device (a big, red remote-control car).
During frequent enemy air attacks, the minesweeper took several Japanese planes under fire.
Temperatures are low, there are often very high winds, blizzards are frequent, and the extreme altitude often took its toll.
Floods frequent the island every year without any exception.
In addition to tracks produced by Doom, the album includes production by frequent collaborator Madlib, as well as J Dilla.
Marjorie Bennett, as Blossom Kenney (seasons 1 and 2), is a frequent and persnickety customer of the Gillises' grocery store.
The updates were a success; the theatre was booked with frequent productions and became home to a new resident company.
During his later years, Ramirez had frequent problems with the law due to his consumption of narcotics.
Turnover was frequent in many bands, and top soloists were often lured away to better contracts.
She provided updates concerning the city's worsening conditions and frequent airstrikes from the combined coalition and Russian forces.
First TransPennine Express operate a frequent service between Manchester Airport and Glasgow and Edinburgh.
The summer tends to be dry and warm, while the winters are rigorously cold with frequent snowfalls.
He used to frequent the library and read a lot of books since his childhood.
Burgess was also a frequent presenter at conservation, restoration, and scientific conferences.
In the 1960s he was a frequent accompanist on recordings by popular Australian folk performer Lionel Long.
Heterozygous, damaging mutations in SMAD6 are the most frequent genetic cause of non-syndromic craniosynostosis identified to date.
His most frequent collaborator was Vicente Giner.
Severe thunderstorms are semi-frequent in summer and due to the towns elevation can carry large quantities of hail.
The Greeks were the first literate people to come into frequent contact with the speakers of Illyrian languages.
These extended jams have become far less frequent since Entwistle's death.
In 1978, she became a lifetime Honorary Member and frequent exhibitor in the group's juried shows.
He was a frequent collaborator with several of the leading Danish architects of his time, including Martin Nyrop.
He is a frequent contributor to the Catalan edition of El Pais and the Sunday supplement.
She and Walter were frequent traveling companions.
During this time there were frequent shortages in commercial establishments.
Yolandi Visser, Jones's former partner has been a frequent collaborator and is also a member of Die Antwoord.
From the frequent items, a set of candidate 2-sequences are formed, and another pass is made to identify their frequency.
Microsoft aims to release frequent updates to the Xbox One console.
Julie Crumrine (vocals) and Julie Niksitch (vocals) made frequent appearances.
In amateur boxing, bouts are much shorter and much more frequent, and boxers fight at their "natural" weight.
Frequent contributors to Slow Death included Greg Irons, Jaxon, Dave Sheridan, Richard Corben, Jim Osborne, Tom Veitch, and Dennis Ellefson.
Evaporation is around 1,000 mm/year, amplified by strong and frequent winds, resulting in long periods of drought in the summer.
Frequent guests included Margaret Cho, Janeane Garofalo, David Cross, Louis C.K., Zachery Bacik and Casey Hardmeyer.
Ballinger was a frequent writer for American television with 150 teleplays to his name.
Su Shi and friends continued to write poetry, despite (or perhaps encouraged by) their frequent banishment.
Thomas Ice engages in frequent debates on the subject of the Rapture.
There may be many reasons as to why age-hypogamous relationships are not very frequent.
The award would go to future Penguins teammate and frequent defense partner Michal Rozsival.
Cormorant are frequent, with grey heron feeding along the banks, and several gull species.
For more than forty-five years, Bridges was a frequent guest star on television series.
In May and June, singing is most frequent after dawn, but continues less often throughout the day.
Teng could not accept this and conflicts between him and Chiang were frequent.
The tenor saxophone became best known to the general public through its frequent use in jazz music.
Nevins retired from the Army in 1946 but continued to have frequent contacts with Dwight D. Eisenhower.
His singing style is characterized by frequent use of vocal ornamentation.
He would frequent bars and strip clubs with the older players.
Serra also was a frequent contributor to the former Barcelona daily newspaper Avui.
These symptoms may appear more frequent when initiating treatment or increasing the donepezil dose.
Frequent touring with 311 increased the band's fan base.
For instance, in many parts of North India and Pakistan, the local barber (or nai) was a frequent go-between.
December 2008 was the dawn of the station having its most frequent service ever.
Increase service on high-ridership routes that provide frequent, two-way connections throughout the agency's service area.
The song receives frequent airplay on classic rock radio stations.
This lasts longer and requires less frequent attention.
Police were motivated to strike because of difficult working conditions caused by disarming FLQ-planted bombs and patrolling frequent protests.
Brimblecom began frequent tours of America and The Creature Comforts released 2 full-length albums.
She is best known for writing and producing the 2010 film Winter's Bone with her frequent collaborator Debra Granik.
She displays a sarcastic sense of humor and is a frequent source of biting, witty one-liners.
The fame of the dance rests on Astaire's ability to animate the inanimate.
Kneitel returned just when Fleischer obtained the right to animate Superman.
Modifiers must agree with the head in animacy and in number if the head is animate.
But we will animate them," he was quoted as saying on ThaiCinema.org.
We have not forgotten that you are anxious to animate here at the studio, but.
Early anthropologists called Shinto "animistic" in which animate and inanimate things have spirits or souls that are worshipped.
Homeokinetics treats all complex systems on an equal footing, animate and inanimate, providing them with a common viewpoint.
These works show an emphasis on theological concerns, and were popular with priests, who used them to animate their sermons.
It featured an icon view of users in a channel, which would animate when the user posted to the channel.
He has also sired the Group race winners Pelusa, Animate Bio, Lelouch, Trailblazer, Cosmo Nemo Shin and Zennista.
Artschwager's efforts to animate the space became increasingly sophisticated.
This book of the Duchess is a learned invention and yet a fully animate one.
No gender or animate distinction is made.
Living pictures were animated by pulling a tab to move or "animate" different parts of the scene on the page.
These are co-eternal with God, and animate the spirits.
Every noun in Unami and Munsee is categorized as either animate or inanimate.
Dave Feiten was then brought in to animate and fix story and staging problems.
In German heraldry, animate charges in combined coats usually turn to face the centre of the composition.
They can change into normal members of human society or any animate/inanimate object.
The load can be animate (a person or animal) or inanimate (an object).
Trees and grass animate in the real-time preview.
For animate nouns, the accusative singular is identical to the genitive singular.
They also helped animate G.A.M.M.A. Force which consisted of 13 half-hour cartoons.
The simulations employ 3D-graphics and physics-based models to animate the virtual humans.
Stillworld is the sophomore album from American metalcore band Invent, Animate.
There are no separate declension paradigms for animate and inanimate nouns in Lithuanian.
The complex was oriented inwards, with very few street-facing retail stores, windows or even mall entrances to animate the exterior.
Studio Pierrot was eventually called in to fill the void and animate Book 2.
Different numbers are used for inanimate objects/counting and animate objects (see measure word).
SingularPluralNote: animate objects (people and animals) are treated differently in the singular masculine accusative.
Software used to animate SonicVision included Maya, SoftImage, FilmBox, Adobe After Effects, and Shake.
Also masculine animate nouns have accusative singular equal to the genitive singular (in -a).
In the daytime, they can animate a vampires corpse, whilst it is soulless.
These changes were also made with the intention of making the character easier to animate for the forthcoming Beano Video.
The Metal Master possesses the ability to animate and control virtually all known forms of metal.
Starting in 2006, Kyoto Animation, the animators of another Key game-turned-anime, Air, decided to animate a new adaptation of Kanon.
Intransitive active verbs are those which involve only human or animate agents.
Local merchants often import events and activity to animate the area.
This term can refer to human equivalents of various comparisons of animate and inanimate things.
The six minute sequence follows an animate paper lantern gradually making it back for a festival.
But things like California's smoking ban and Rob Reiner animate both of us.
The demonstratives are used of non-human animate entities and inanimate objects.
One group of languages requires both the accompanee and the companion to be either human or animate.
They even worked alongside Tsuburaya Productions to animate the anime The Ultraman (1979).
Shortly after that, Toba formally made the proposal to P.A.Works to animate the project.
It was developed by artist Patrick Smith, who taught himself to animate and program the game in Adobe Flash.
The PUPS/P3 API also gives them significant access to the state of their environment: like biological organisms they are animate.
Kinect can be used to animate models and record audio.
Weight path-controlled animation between multiple curves, and animate the weight.
The artists also discovered that it would be challenging to animate deer realistically.
Shade could then rig, animate, render and export as a movie for video editing/compositing.
In 1921, Walt Disney was contracted by Milton Feld to animate twelve cartoons, which he called Newman's Laugh-O-grams.
In Shawnee, third person animate beings participate in obviation, including grammatically animate nouns that are semantically inanimate.
In Michael Grandage's production, Kidman manages to animate the cold fish Franklin; her features are fluidly though not hugely mobile."
According to Rare, only 30% of the original engine remained, providing a basic framework to construct levels and animate characters.
Pollock had an unfettered desire to animate every aspect of his paintings.
Director Neil Affleck had to animate each segment so that it fit the style of the show it parodied.
This version made it possible to animate geometries onscreen in real-time.
Leavitt's grammar gives the following hierarchy:The hierarchy comes into play in sentences with transitive-animate (TA) verbs.
He is shortly thereafter put down by her before he has the chance to re-animate.
In morphology, the differentiation of animate and inanimate masculines was completed (vidim psa rather than the earlier vidim pes).
Galactus frees Firelord when Thor presents Galactus with the Asgardian Destroyer to animate and use as a herald.
Motion capturing was used to animate the film.
Moander the Darkbringer, god of decay, provided the life-force to animate Alias.
Greenwell asserted that the wake must have been caused by an "animate object" that was unlike a crocodile or hippo.
In these instances, it is more likely that animate pronouns he or she will be used to represent them.
In some languages, different possession verbs are used depending on whether the object is animate or inanimate.
Various affixes are used to denote inalienability and different affixes are used to differentiate animate/inanimate and singular/plural.
Local case endings are not normally added to animate Proper Nouns.
Then Toulon's spirit, who has been appearing around the hotel all night, tells the puppets to animate the Decapitron.
He uses it to animate the wooden Sawhorse for Jack to ride.
First principles organize attention to and learning about relevant data: Number and animate-inanimate distinction as examples.
The two other well known categories namely the animate souls and the inanimate objects are respectively its parts and modifications.
It is a facial animation tool that uses voice and text to vividly animate facial images.
This can often involves shifting a modifier from the animate to the inanimate; for example, "cheerful money"and "suicidal sky".
One way to help identify if a noun is animate or inanimate is to look at its plural form.
They were grouped into human and non-human (animate and inanimate).
However, this was not the first attempt to animate it.
Many floats, along with their drive train, include computer-controlled robotic mechanisms to animate the floats.
The only animate things left in the world are machines, who continue their programmed tasks as they slowly deteriorate.
In the column with the masculine forms, the first relates to animate nouns, the second to inanimate nouns.
Awesome Animator features morphing (also called shape tweening) which allows the user to animate smooth transformations between two shapes.
The late release was due to the decision to animate a new ending.
Danforth continued at Project Unlimited to animate the dragon in The Wonderful World of the Brothers Grimm (1962).
Bakshi and his wife had separated by then, giving him the time to animate each short alone.
Image Metrics technology was also used to animate the deceased actor Richard Burton for a computer-generated encore performance.
The engines were to be two Progress D-27 propfans rated at 14,000 ehp (10,290 kW) each, driving contra-rotating propellers.
Great Apostasy: Being an Account of the Origin, Rise and Progress of Corruption and Tryanny in the Church of Rome.
Contemporary progress in philosophy was at a point where Metochites could openly attack Aristotle.
Mary visited him daily, so that it appeared a reconciliation was in progress.
In addition, Sarkar introduces many new concepts intended to facilitate both individual and collective progress.
Further, it is held as the prerequisite for the spiritual progress of a human being (CIF Brahmacharya, Gettha Press, Gorakhpur).
History of Seneca County, Ohio: A Narrative Account of Its Historical Progress, Its People, and Its Principal Interests.
She nonetheless made progress in Asheville, and in March 1940, four years after admittance, she was released.
While in that assignment he served as a member of the Committee on Arrangements for the Century of Progress Expositions.
Fingleton was unable to distinguish himself on the field while at school, but after joining Waverley, he made quick progress.
In 1935, workers from the Works Progress Administration improved the park.
At one instance, Arkarian confesses to Isabel that he would die for her, but their relationship still fails to progress.
The involvement of Greece in World War II came as a major setback to the city's progress.
They are currently in power and stand for stability and economic progress.
Since its establishment around 2009 according to some sources, the Chinatown has been a "work in progress".
You cannot progress in the storyline without speaking to Al Sinha.
The new discovery and subsequent work led to important progress in the scientific knowledge of these special worms.
The framework to measure progress towards this was provided by a set of eight Millennium Development Goals (MDGs).
Much progress was made, the General Manager resigned, and Boxer was hired to manage the property.
Myers's research involved asking people to run database searches, some with a progress bar and some without.
The defeat of boss enemies allows the player to acquire new abilities to progress further in the game.
With Johnson steering the team, the Reds made steady progress upward.
The recruitment process consists of four datebooks, dressing from more casual to formal as the datebooks progress.
The Center for American Progress (CAP) is a progressive public policy research and advocacy organization.
The building was built by the Civil Works Administration, a predecessor of the Works Progress Administration, in 1934.
The students are making good progress and their achievements are good.
No progress was made on issues in question.
Plushenko made quick progress on the international scene.
The country's progress in health is hampered by exceedingly high rates of obesity, diabetes and genetic disorders.
Progress of civil works up to December 2016 is 86.34%.
The Social Progress Index measures the extent to which countries provide for the social and environmental needs of their citizens.
The pink ribbon is associated with individual generosity, faith in scientific progress, and a "can-do" attitude.
The intermediate stages (larva, protonymph, and deutonymph) must shed at least once to progress into the next stage.
Both the President and Anthony Van Jones have applauded the commitment to progress over party.
The idea of evolutionary progress was subjected to some fierce criticism in the latter part of the twentieth century.
Testing is still in progress to determine whether this treatment can be used effectively in humans.
The progress achieved by the science teams would ultimately sustain a perpetual chain of life.
Security systems must be avoided or deactivated in order to progress through each level.
Her work on the Hartog Education Committee, which incorporated a study of educational progress in India, is a great achievement.
Asides from the progress of Sipe, another diamond in the rough was Greg Pruitt.
Thus, progress toward one goal represents progress toward the other.
Learning as transformation: Critical Perspectives on a theory in Progress, Jossey-Bass Inc2009.
However, in Progress and Poverty, George did not favor the idea of nationalization.
This is a reference to the Works Progress Administration, a New Deal program that was prominent in the 1930s.
The guardian didn't need to declare for him but he could at least not impede his progress.
All other boats progress to the repechage round, which offers a second chance to qualify for the semi-finals.
Western campaigns by Union forces earlier in 1862 had reaped much progress.
They have retained their distinct identity and have contributed richly to India's progress in all sectors of development.
History of Medicine in New York: Three Centuries of Medical Progress.
Other areas of the district showed progress as well with Yla-Vuoksen Palloseura (YVPS) from Enso finishing second in 1939.
Buffalo County, Nebraska, and Its People: A Record of Settlement, Organization, Progress and Achievement, Volume 1.
The true path of progress seems to lie in farther development along these lines.
We're not making the progress I want on meth labs.
Crude tools, green and wet timbers, and the cold winter months caused slow progress in the construction of Le Griffon.
The win allowed the team to progress to the fourth round of the competition.
Egypt, pre 2011 revolution, had been making progress in education, access to vaccines and sanitized water for children.
Progress of the development of each learning area is published and updated regularly on the official site.
The Academic Performance Index (API) is a measurement of academic performance and progress of individual schools in California, United States.
Following the 1994 Progress Party national convention he left the Progress Party.
He worked as political advisor and aide to the Progress Party parliamentary group from 1995 to 1997.
By the end of 2011, all 11 campuses had regained full accreditation after demonstrating significant progress in this area.
Jenny Clover (February 1, 2013), Germany says unfreezing Rwandan aid but to watch progress on Congo Reuters.
Instead, you alternate between suits as you progress through the story.
Lee Denney attends Obama speech, welcomes him to Cushing and applauds pipeline progress -- but disagrees on priorities".
The components are more readily available now but it is still a work in progress.
On Tuesday, August 29, the affected workers received an e-mail: "The work force reduction notification is currently in progress.
Two teams from the qualifier group progress and the remainder of the competition is knock-out.
Urbino is a medical doctor devoted to science, modernity, and "order and progress".
Progress was rapid and very encouraging with hundreds of children turning up on Saturday morning coaching clinics.
He suffered a knee injury during this match, and this hampered his progress at the club.
Over the next eight years, ten constitutional conventions were called, each making some progress toward a viable constitution.
Additional attachment slots can be unlocked as players progress.
However, as the books progress, she becomes increasingly open-minded, and her range expands greatly.
Christy Harvey is the Director of Strategic Communications at the Center for American Progress.
This idea is particularly important since as learners progress, characters often get more complex.
It served as Destro's personal aircraft, used to survey the progress of his Iron Grenadiers on the battleground.
This can present as a local cellulitis, though can progress to subcutaneous abscess and sepsis.
They continually interrupted the lawyers' work with new demands, meaning that by 8 November practically no progress had been made.
Much progress has been made since, though there is still debate as to the details.
District AYP status historyIn 2011, Claysburg-Kimmel School District achieved Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP).
Freed from interruption, Bartlow is able to make excellent progress on the script.
Frustrated by this lack of progress, Lieutenant General Friedrich Weber ordered an all out assault on the line.
In the summer of 2011, works for Phase III finally started while fund-raising is still in progress.
He is also known for his use of adaptation as a major factor for human progress.
In the third assertion, the consciousness-only view of conventional appearances is the best way to progress.
Recent progress in understanding the evolution of carnivorous Lentibulariaceae (Lamiales).
As his Progress Reports show, he was part of the N-W.P. and Oudh Circle of the Archaeological Survey.
In addition, the progress of the flame is generally described by transport equations for a limited number of control variables.
This new rehearsal space allowed the band to set up a mini recording studio where they could track their progress.
The disease is characterized by subcutaneous hemorrhaging of the mouth, fins, and eyes.
The nostrils are very large, and are flanked by greatly expanded, triangular flaps of skin that reach the mouth.
It lies at the mouth of the Siyin Valley where it deboushes into the Kale Valley.
Team EY began with word-of-mouth contests hosted for free in local schoolyards and do-it-yourself skateboard videos featuring local talent.
The meaning is "the cove at the mouth of (Numedals)lagen".
They have piercing mouth parts that suck the sap out of plant tissue.
The young may make several tentative trips outside the parent's mouth to investigate the surroundings before leaving permanently.
The archipelago is situated near the eastern shoreline of the lake, north of the mouth of the Belanger River.
No sooner were the words out of his mouth than a cannon bogged down.
They supported Trivium for the first leg of the North American into the Mouth of Hell We March Tour.
The southern edge of the frazione is formed by the mouth of the natural course of the Birgi River.
The South Gippsland Highway traverses the Main Drain near its river mouth, emptying into the Western Port.
Tourism is being developed in the region, and the small beach at the river mouth may be attractive.
It is taken by mouth or used rectally.
Arrived at the mouth of the Yazoo River December 25.
This time they picked Finnish "motor-mouth" Pasi Rautiainen.
The face is the anterior part of the head, containing the sensory organs the eyes, nose and mouth.
The settlement of Go Home is located about 1.2 kilometres (0.7 mi) further west of the river's mouth.
Danny walks out with an actress Sunset has dubbed "Big Mouth", who's real name is Lizzie.
Ethanol avoidance includes avoiding the ingestion of and, depending on an individual's history, mouth washing with, such agents.
Bearwallow Run joins Shingle Mill Run 0.84 miles (1.35 km) upstream of its mouth.
The microdistrict is located on the shore of the Black Sea at the mouth of the Psezuapse River.
It is an oral consonant, which means air is allowed to escape through the mouth only.
The shot is lifted with the mouth and drunk with hands behind the back.
It describes a crafty crocodile which lures fish into its mouth with a welcoming smile.
Moore attributes this to word-of-mouth marketing, resonating initially with high-tech managers, then to engineers, venture capitalists and finally business schools.
She was slumped over the kitchen table, a cigarette in her mouth and an empty glass in her hand.
The elevation near the mouth of Shingle Run is 977 feet (298 m) above sea level.
During the mating season, the male attracts the female by making clicking sounds with his mouth.
The valuable documents lay strewn about, abandoned near the mouth of the Zeledeyeva River.
He created the eyes and mouth and used the hose as a nose for sucking.
Lugo covered her mouth and tackled her.
The name La Push is from French La Bouche, meaning "The Mouth" of the Quillayute River, adapted into Chinook Jargon.
This group stopped at the mouth of the Missouri River and remained for some time.
If disturbed it will raise its tail and head, open its mouth and scream.
The mouth is downstream of the settlement Verh-Yayva.
At 16 miles (26 km) from the mouth, the river enters into the Surplus Canal channel.
Sometimes, the aurochs holds a fleur de lys in its mouth.
His trademark was to slap his mouth with the palm of his hand to create a "pop!"
The river is impounded near its mouth by Laurel River Dam, which forms Laurel River Lake.
Gallows Run joins Elk Run 2.68 miles (4.31 km) upstream of its mouth.
The instant I saw the picture my mouth fell open and my pulse began to race.
During the ritual, Dewara places a dried poisonous toad in Nevare's mouth and Nevare experiences a vision.
Through word of mouth, Wordfast grew to become the second most widely used TM software among translators.
Before his junior year, Jennings transferred to powerhouse Oak Hill Academy in Mouth of Wilson, Virginia.
The Guru Granth Sahib tells the Sikh, "Your mouth has not stopped slandering and gossiping about others.
The 2nd wave also includes "History of Touches", the Rabit Naked Mix, and The Haxan Cloak's remix of "Mouth Mantra".
The tentacles are almost cylindrical and have bands of cilia which create a water current towards the mouth.
Currently, baclofen continues to be given by mouth, with variable effects.
It resembles the northern searobin, but differs in having a larger head, larger mouth, and longer pectoral fins.
I'm not a Tory, I don't speak on both sides of my mouth."
Blistering can also affect inner body linings, such as the mouth and throat.
It provoked much controversy and achieved success through word of mouth.
Tidal scouring has produced a deep pit in the lake at the western mouth of the strait.
Gastrointestinal side effects of benoxaprofen are bleeding, diarrhoea, abdominal pain, anorexia (symptom), mouth ulcers and taste change.
He based the screenplay for Trevor on a character from his one-man show Word of Mouth.
Other symptoms of this condition include snoring, mouth breathing, frequent ear and sinus infections, sore throat, choking, and daytime drowsiness.
Its mouth is at its confluence with Waterman Wash at an elevation of 1,132 feet / 345 meters.
The priest will administer the gifts with a spoon, called a "cochlear", directly into the recipient's mouth from the chalice.
These prevent the spread of cattle diseases, such as Foot-and-mouth disease.
Carbon Run joins Shamokin Creek 21.62 miles (34.79 km) upstream of its mouth.
Its large manubrium (mouth) has many microscopic holes which extend directly into the gut.
It can be given by mouth or by injection.
The main species are king salmon, caught mostly near the mouth, and Arctic grayling, caught mostly further upstream.
Shut Your Mouth was the album opener; it was also released as its fourth and final single.
The company provides dental care including orthodontics, endodontics, oral and peridontal surgery, prosthodontics, surgical implants, and full mouth rehabilitation services.
It was also included on her hit album " Word of Mouth".
He also taught Lennon to draw and paint and bought him his first mouth organ.
He made it to the mouth of the Colorado River, then sailed around the peninsula as far as Cedros Island.
The band also has a song called "On The Mouth," but it is not on this album.
At noon the next day, Anderson was taken to the mouth of what was thought to be the bear's cave.
They previously worked together in the 2011 Disney Channel film Lemonade Mouth.
The frantic dog rolls up the saw he used, and hides it in his mouth.
The Englishtown Ferry is a cable ferry carrying Nova Scotia Route 312 across the mouth of St. Ann's Bay.
The mouth is large, muscular, strong and retractile.
The Shelldrake River flows generally west-to-east towards its mouth in Shelldrake, Michigan on Whitefish Bay of Lake Superior.
The grade traveled out of the city until crossing a wooden trestle at the mouth of Middle Canyon.
The next day, the band sees posters and banners all around the school supporting Lemonade Mouth, which raises their spirits.
The large mouth is turned upwards; the lower jaw contains an elongated, bony plate.
He hides in the dog's mouth as Tom tries to catch him without waking up the dog.
Avatar bodies are animated using skeletal animation, whereas Avatar faces are animated by changing the eye and mouth textures.
Near the mouth was Prestwick Mill, later called Monkton Mill.
The Fort of Niebla stands up on the northern side of the Valdivia river mouth.
The lobates have a pair of lobes, which are muscular, cuplike extensions of the body that project beyond the mouth.
Its mouth located southeast of the lake empties into a landfill to reach the lake Bourdon.
Its fruits are edible though staining the mouth black, and the leaves and sap are used in herbal medicine.
He had been suffering from cancer of the mouth.
Its mouth is located in the Mezen Bay of the White Sea.
The elevation near the mouth of Herrold Run is 404 feet (123 m) above sea level.
Bacterial diseases carried by wolves include brucellosis, lyme disease, leptospirosis, tularemia, bovine tuberculosis, listeriosis, anthrax and foot and mouth disease.
So I understand how extremists exploit grievances".
The Hnat Khotkevych Ukrainian Bandurist Ensemble in Australia was the only ensemble in the West to exploit the Kharkiv-style bandura.
Heckel studies the adaptations and mechanisms by which herbivorous insects find and exploit their host plants.
The pits were sunk to a depth of 15 metres to exploit the Barnsley Bed.
DSOS was designed to exploit these features.
Originally most did not intend to exploit native labor and resources, as colonizers do."
The painting book displays Potter's willingness to exploit the commercial possibilities of her characters and tales.
The documents refer to a "Windows FAX DLL injection" exploit in Windows XP, Windows Vista and Windows 7 operating systems.
It was becoming clear that the discontent with Edward's reign was widespread, a fact that Warwick could exploit.
He is a striker who is usually deployed on the left wing as a wide forward to exploit his speed.
Supporting SafeDisc could have been a possible loophole for computer viruses to exploit.
This route is most commonly used to exploit the cover 2 defense.
GameSpot noted the "exciting and somewhat strategic" battle system, which requires the player exploit the enemies' weak points.
There is evidence of historic mining activity in two locations on Great Dodd in efforts to exploit such mineral veins.
This means that it is not preordained that capitalists must exploit labour to compensate for a declining rate of profit.
These techniques usually exploit optical nonlinearity in a material's reflected light to generate resolution beyond the diffraction limit.
Due to its favorable conditions, several investment projects have been implemented to exploit its potential.
There are some who decide to exploit the tragedy.
Gustav III tried to exploit this by appointing himself head of the regiment in 1774.
This allows the parasite sufficient time to reproduce and exploit the worker force.
However, he was not the first to exploit the Ariege revolt for literary ends.
Unless you're 'the best' then they might keep you and exploit you further.
He did not invoke Carlist identity and preferred to exploit general conservative appeal, but the campaign did not work.
They were awarded an exclusive 99-year lease to exploit the Caucasian oil fields.
In order to fully exploit benefits of soft decision decoding, one needs to quantize the input signal properly.
These illusions exploit the audience's assumptions about the physical world.
For this exploit, Meynier was jumped in rank from captain to general of brigade.
It is argued by critics that this particular market would exploit the underprivileged donors from the developing world.
Sea lions sometimes follow dolphins and exploit their hunting efforts.
These villages were founded in order to exploit the natural resources of the zone.
The main function of the modern navy is to exploit its control of the seaways to project power ashore.
Fresh divisions from Rupprecht and OHL Reserve were to be ready to exploit success.
This is the vulnerability that the associated exploit will take advantage of in order to carry out the attack.
The Russian Mafia infiltrated the country, hoping to exploit the chaos and establish a black market.
This allowed the police to exploit mutual distrust and recriminations between the factions.
Intel's i740 was explicitly designed to exploit the new AGP feature set.
Meanwhile, it takes some time for the shipbuilder's sales department to exploit the lower price and secure new contracts.
Condé destroyed part of the Royalist army but failed to exploit his victory, retreating to Paris.
In addition to those easy to exploit locations, there are also hardened Neoproterozoic which have not been exploited.
They managed a small breach on the south side but could not exploit it.
The exploit includes a chosen-ciphertext attack with the use of a SSLv2 server as a Bleichenbacher oracle.
Paula proceeds to exploit her family's indebtedness and wealth.
The malware infected computers via the Angler Adobe Flash exploit.
Various life forms found in nature exploit surface tension in different ways.
He placed the need to exploit solar energy for diverse purposes on the Weizmann Institute and national agenda.
The gear frequently worn by riot control officers protects the entire body with no vulnerable spots to exploit.
Sayers, D.L.:"The Adventurous Exploit of the Cave of Ali Baba " in "Lord Peter Views the Body" Coronet, 1928.
Some digital channelizers exploit aliasing in this way for computational efficiency.
To exploit the audiences' interest in the film, she cast Laughton as Shakespeare's Henry VIII.
According to the Jamestown Foundation, Al-Shabaab seeks to exploit these vulnerabilities by manipulating clan networks in order to retain power.
In 1930, an Italian firm invested capital to exploit salt deposits in Hafun and Hurdiyo.
Full details of DROWN were announced in March 2016, together with a patch for the exploit.
Scavenger wild dogs and crows frequently exploit roadkill.
In 1862 the Aerated Bread Company was set up to exploit Dauglish's newly patented method.
To exploit the full physics potential of LHC data in comprehensive manner.
NOMAD was another project led by Feinlieb and was built to exploit the NCSS market position.
They are also known to damage nut and fruit crops, and have learnt to exploit canola crops.
The golden jackal is very adaptable, being able to exploit many foodstuffs, from fruit and insects to small ungulates.
This type of research has opened the door to further exploration of orally administered vaccines which exploit bacterial adhesins.
The first exploit on approaching the city was the taking of Castleknock.
Most applications of europium exploit the phosphorescence of europium compounds.
Lyrically, the album explores actions that exploit others to various ends from multiple perspectives.
He further argued that England exploit new lands through colonisation and that this vision could become reality through maritime supremacy.
When informed of this daring exploit Ibrahim Pasha, the Egyptian General, put a price on Fitzjames' head.
The communists tried to exploit their advantage but were driven off by American firepower.
BMG offer artists and producers assistance to administer, manage, develop, market and exploit their copyrights globally.
The tools exploit certain short-term visual memory and depth-mapping psychophysical processes.
However a browser exploit such as cross-site cooking can be used to move things across the logical security boundaries.
His masterful exploit is worthy of the greatest praise and has bestowed much credit on the United States Army.
Seeking an ally, he headed for Earth, hoping to exploit Flora, but finds Corwin instead.
The wing's mission is to exploit weather information to American military forces anytime and everywhere.
The state set-up the JSC Chiaturmanganese company to manage and exploit the huge deposit.
The exploit could be used on versions 3.2.1 and 3.3.1 of the application.
Bermudians built large numbers of ships, including the Bermuda sloop, with which they explored every opportunity to exploit distant markets.
Black can exploit the weak squares on the queenside via 16.
An industrial facility was built in order to exploit it.
She works across multiple mediums to exploit technical prowess while creating opportunities for community engagement.
The malware furthermore used a zero-day exploit in the WinCC/SCADA database software in the form of a hard-coded database password.
In 2010, Aaron Barr, CEO of HBGary Federal, alleged that he could exploit social media to gather information about hackers.
The GlcNAcstatin family of inhibitors exploit this mechanism in order to inhibit OGA activity.
At the same time, the anti-liberation forces try to exploit the liberation war in their won interests.
His intention was to exploit the resources of Berbice by trading with the indigenous Amerindians.
Rich called on Bill Schroeder, a Lockheed mathematician, and Denys Overholser, a computer scientist, to exploit Ufimtsev's work.
The Spanish seemed to do little to exploit the area.
He refused to exploit a flood of publicity which was enough to float any man to financial comfort.
They have not tried to exploit this film to monetarily benefit us as they should have.
At beginning of the first century, it is when begin to exploit the Las Cavenes's gold mines (in El Cabaco).
Above all, American admirals adjusted their doctrines of naval warfare to exploit the advantages.
VectorC, as its name suggests, was designed from the outset to exploit vectorization.
It is rustic and well adapted to exploit steep terrain not suitable for arable farming.
Transportation-wise, he gets around on a moped.
Thomas Turner of Ghostland Observatory responded and signed Drenik to his Trashy Moped Recordings label.
Later, Jesper arrives at Daniel's house on his moped with Anders.
The last motorcycle-type vehicle to carry the Ariel name was a short-lived 3-wheel tilting moped launched in 1970.
In some U.S. states it was legally classified as a moped.
He lives with his wife Tanushree (Mousumi Bhattacharya) and his old moped.
Between 1976-1980 Brumana Pugliese built a moped known as the Ponei (pony).
The Honda PC50 is a moped produced by the Honda Motor Company in Japan from May 1969 until February 1977.
Nymanbolagen (aka Nymans AB or just Nymans) was a Swedish bicycle, moped, and motorcycle manufacturing company in Uppsala, Sweden.
The NSU Quickly was a moped manufactured by NSU Motorenwerke AG of Germany from 1953 to 1963.
Swarm and Destroy is a documentary film chronicling the Moped Army and moped lifestyle.
The film concerns Rod Kimble (Samberg), an Evel Knievel-type daredevil who dreams of jumping the Snake River on a moped.
In 1948, Batavus was one of the first to develop and manufacture its own moped.
All of the items they bought were confiscated and their moped has broken down.
Jesper returns and agrees to borrow his moped to Daniel.
After being acquired by Yamaha, MBK continued producing mopeds, becoming a force in French moped racing.
It was a mini moped using the V-50 and later V-501 engines.
However, his mother cannot afford it and sends him instead to work as an apprentice in a moped repair shop.
In 1978, Rieju developed a moped with automatic transmission but it was not successful.
The moped was powered by a 48cc engine, while the scooters were powered by 98cc and 123cc Sachs engines.
At the age of sixteen, he received a moped and started racing his friends on motocross tracks.
The company limped on, assembling a German manufactured moped.
The Rapido is classed as a moped and has a typical top speed of 50 km/h (31 mph).
The gunman retrieved his moped and rode away.
He wore a safari-inspired outfit and rode a moped when not in the Big Bologna.
Norman Cycles was a British bicycle, autocycle, moped, and motorcycle manufacturer based in Ashford, Kent, England.
The album's title is taken from a lyric in the song "Moped Eyes" ("dark days seem light years away").
For convenience he often rode a moped when in London.
The moped business led to their interest in small, lightweight bikes, and helped develop business relationships with local component vendors.
This moped has been continuously improved and is still in production as the R7E.
Being just below 50 cm³, it is regarded as a moped in most countries.
Jesper tries to apologize Daniel, but he would only forgive Jesper if he borrowed his moped.
Before entering into a joint venture with Honda Motors, Munjal started Majestic Auto and started manufacturing the Hero Majestic Moped.
The laws and regulations for legal moped usage in the U.S. vary by state.
The well known small motorcycle and moped manufacturer Kreidler was situated here.
Lill-Erik gets a moped from a lady named Harriet, and together they go on a holiday trip.
The main communication vehicle on the island is a three-wheeled moped, called a flakmoped in Swedish.
The Moped Army was founded in Kalamazoo in 1997.
Sparta sold its last moped in 1982, as the market for mopeds had not been profitable for several years.
Holders of category A or B licences are allowed to drive a moped without any additional documents or testing.
The Honda SS50 is a 50 cc (3.1 cu in) moped manufactured by the Honda Motor Company.
The word moped is a portmanteau of "motor" and "pedal", originally coined in Sweden.
The moped craze was dawning, and Fuji wanted to get out of scooters but into cars.
For the average moped/scooter/trail rider it will not garner an appreciable increase in performance and will require very frequent teardowns.
Garelli Motorcycles was an Italian moped and motorcycle manufacturer.
In 1953 Heinkel began production of the Tourist scooter, followed by the Perle moped in 1954.
Moped plates are same as in top, except is stylized because their small size.
Originally the Babetta was conceived as lightweight moped to compete with the Solex moped which was popular during the 1960s.
As of 2005 there were 121 taxis, 500 golf carts, and 1500 moped scooters.
In 2006 new moped plates are introduced; new plates have a square shape measuring 12 by 14 cm.
The couple uses Emily's moped and visits the Fitch house, where Rob Fitch is cleaning out the garage.
Also, it is usually not possible to push start a moped or scooter with automatic transmission.
The police is advised about the assault involving a moped.
Jackson was an early home to the moped parts industry.
Shortly afterwards, bassist Brian Redman was killed in a moped accident.
In the next two years, he was twice Brazilian moped champion.
Tomos acquired a production license from Puch to produce moped models under the Tomos name in 1954.
When four-stroke motorcycle production was terminated, the Simson factory was directed to concentrate on moped production.
The business, Edwards' Moped Shop, was located on Old Salisbury Road in southern Forsyth County, near the Davidson County line.
He won a moped for this victory.
Persons born in 1985 or after may obtain a moped driver's licence at the age of 15.
The driver must have procured a vehicle insurance and hold at least an M type (moped) license.
Betrayed and hurt, Riquet chases Rosetta on his moped as she attempts to evade him.
The Honda PA50 is a moped produced by Honda Benelux between 1976 and 1991.
Soon a small moped comes to mind.
At the age of three Hasselbaink was run over by a moped which broke his right leg.
The original release included a competition prize of a £500 moped.
The Lambretta 48 was a single-seat, 48 cc moped built by Innocenti from 1954.
The factory produced tricycles and moped bikes up until the late sixties.
Later, youth between 16 and 20 years of age needed a moped pass.
The original Luna of 1972 was a licensed copy of Piaggio Ciao moped.
Is considered a moped in the state of California.
In the 1970s through early 1980s, Cimatti produced several moped lines including the City-Bike and the larger Town-Bike.
Alongside Tunturi, Solifer was one of the significant moped manufactures in Finland from the late 1950s to the mid-1980s.
Furthermore, the engineering industry was based in Suhl with Simson, a famous car and moped producer.
One morning, Ross accidentally hits Genesis Walker (Sian Reese-Williams), knocking off her moped.
It is styled as a modern moped, and is often mistaken for one.
Rixe is a German bicycle, moped, and small motorcycle factory in Brake of Bielefeld.
The company's website name, luftmofa, means "air moped".
The FS1 was a Yamaha moped of the 1970s.
In May 1967 the last FN moped left the factory.
The alternate design philosophy to the moped is the so-called motor-assist or pedal-assist bicycle.
Daniel is driving Jesper's moped, but is chased by the police.
The early models were the Lambretta 48, a 48 cc moped and the D and LD — Series of scooters.
The news caused a stir for several days in the Tomos moped community.
The thieves fled from the pavilion on a moped which was found by the Malaren lake.
He later claimed that the throw was deliberate and came out of frustration with his fielders.
He had a deliberate strategy of making himself nervous before the race, feeling that he thrived on pressure.
Changes can be planned, agreed upon by many people, being very deliberate, as in urban ecology and especially industrial ecology.
The first two "mistakes" in this list were deliberate, intended to be examples of anti-time contamination.
Another policy was one of deliberate humiliation.
The title is a deliberate play on the books of Robinson's Mars Trilogy.
However, the deliberate manipulation of the ball using an emery board is classified as cheating in baseball and cricket.
Severe beatings were routine, as was deliberate starvation, torture and summary executions.
Some filmmakers make deliberate use of the deep focus capabilities of digital formats.
Some Native American groups in the southeastern portion of North America practised deliberate excarnation in protohistoric times.
In short, this book is flawless, because all its deficiencies are deliberate products of art.
Jones has said of it, "It wasn't as deliberate as us saying, 'Right, we're going to react against cynical comedy'.
He was a keen observer of their customs and he made a deliberate effort to learn their language.
One account says the raid was a deliberate attempt to provoke war.
NATO halted the bombing on 14 September 1995, and ended Deliberate Force six days later.
The GRENADIERS then launched a deliberate two-pronged night attack supported by artillery on 29 July.
The "deliberate and systematic manner in which these extrajudicial executions took place constitutes a crime against humanity."
Sensational spelling is the deliberate spelling of a word in an incorrect or non-standard way for special effect.
Deliberate misrepresentation in the statement can result in liability.
As such it is a deliberate mental attitude which avoids engaging the emotions of others.
Evidence-based medicine is a deliberate effort to acknowledge expert opinion (conventional wisdom) and how it coexists with scientific data.
Heuristics usually govern automatic, intuitive judgments but can also be used as deliberate mental strategies when working from limited information.
Nothing more than a terribly produced mess of tragic rock-star baiting and deliberate discordance.
This may have been a deliberate tactic to give the horse a clear view of the hurdles.
This effectively nullified the efficacy of deliberate disk errors, non-standard track layouts, and related forms of copy prevention.
He is also known for his slow, deliberate throwing style.
The deliberate introduction of pigs into previously pig-free areas seems to have been common.
Spread-spectrum signals are highly resistant to deliberate jamming, unless the adversary has knowledge of the spreading characteristics.
The ruling coined the phrase "inadvertent and not deliberate actions cannot encompass reckless conduct".
The rationale is that the author of the applet is now known and will be responsible for any deliberate damage.
In contrast, decisions driven by system 2 are deliberate, conscious reasoning, slow and effortful.
However, contrary to the Piltdown Man, "Archaeoraptor" was not a deliberate hoax.
This ghosting effect is deliberate on some monitors, known as "long persistence" monitors.
Deliberate spreading of computer viruses is also illegal in the United States and elsewhere.
Operation Deliberate Force: The UN and NATO Campaign in Bosnia, 1995.
It refers to the deliberate use of ambiguous language on a sensitive issue in order to advance some political purpose.
During a gradual and deliberate increase in reactor power level, the reactor is delayed-supercritical.
This is apparent in his deliberate choice of film roles.
Prosecutors considered that this shape was deliberate and intended to humiliate Pahl in death.
Genocide is the deliberate mass murder of individuals with a shared identity.
For secure facilities, the listener is presumed to be deliberate and may make use of sophisticated technical listening devices.
In addition, content-specific and idiosyncratic cues (e.g., topic models and grammar checking tools) were introduced to unveil deliberate stylistic choices.
In liturgical music, an asterisk is often used to denote a deliberate pause.
Dallaeus (Daillé) charged Turrianus with downright forgery of all these canons, and deliberate corruption of the text of Ps.
Deny Flight evolved into Operation Deliberate Force, as CVW-8 aircraft led NATO strikes against strategic Bosnian Serb targets in Bosnia-Herzegovina.
Obviously the attack on the Jews of Germany was no emotional outburst of the Nazis, but a deliberate, planned campaign.
Some crises are caused not only by skewed values and deception but deliberate amorality and illegality.
Delayed auditory feedback (DAF) is usually used to produce a more deliberate, exaggerated oral-motor response pattern.
Sharafyan creates complex, deliberate, ultimately captivating grandeur — artistic director Gil Rose led a terrific, vivid performance.
Her interpretation often incorporated deliberate farce to express the complexities of life.
This was the result of deliberate experimentation by Dr. Oberon Geiger who becomes the recurring "bad guy" of this season.
It wasn't a deliberate dedication to Jim Reeves — it's just worked out that way".
Anderson says, "I created a deliberate vacuum so all these influences would flood in.
The powerful owl typically flies in a slow and deliberate way on its large wings.
The use of "Joe," according to Mimran, was a very deliberate decision that gave the private label "instant credibility."
The voting required a jury to deliberate in the midst of the ongoing war in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
There is no penalty for hitting a hurdle (provided this is not judged deliberate).
They show dominance by keeping their heads up and trying to keep their side forward, and use slow, deliberate movements.
What was once an effortless and unconscious retrieval execution of a procedural memory becomes slow and deliberate.
In these ads, Graham was never identified by name, which Estee Lauder herself frankly admitted was deliberate.
On June 1, 2011, the Warsaw District Court acquitted all seven soldiers for lack of evidence of deliberate killing.
Whether this was deliberate on his part or just rather poor sub-editing by OUP is debatable.
However, MSNBC reported that this was a deliberate snub by Nixon, who was a Redskins fan.
The Argentine military command were very quick to announce this error as a deliberate act of aggression towards the Islanders.
This can happen through a natural process, an accident, or deliberate human involvement.
This calls into question the idea of Ferdowsi's deliberate eschewing of Arabic words.
Another actor sometimes said to be a 'scenery chewer' due to his deliberate overacting is Daniel Day-Lewis.
This was a deliberate act, most likely done by Petty Officer Hartwig."
The jury took 28 minutes to deliberate before finding Snook guilty, after which he was sentenced to death by electrocution.
The photographer or publisher's deliberate use of old orthography for henkyo; in modern form this would be 辺境.
The only reason it's worth what it is today is because of the government's deliberate, malignant conduct.
These stories seem to be the only deliberate untruths he ever told to the public while in office.
Then Ross made a defamatory campaign accusing Grassi of deliberate fraud.
The men's relatives considered their killings to be part of a deliberate shoot-to-kill policy by the security forces.
Opera was developed as a deliberate attempt to resurrect the music of ancient Greece.
She pointed to the Allied use of civilian forced labor, and deliberate starvation of civilians in the occupied territories.
Its deliberate nature is underscored by the fact that no physical basis for famine existed in Ukraine.
Georgia's Foreign Ministry condemned Russia's "deliberate attempts" to escalate the situation.
To have suicidal intent is to have suicide or deliberate self-killing as one's purpose.
Whether she was guilty of the deliberate ingratitude charged against her by the Duchess of Marlborough is uncertain.
The bridge had endured months of aircraft bombing, direct artillery hits, near misses, and deliberate demolition attempts.
They further accused Fell of deliberate fraud.
Often there is a policy of deliberate ambiguity, referring to the status quo rather than formalizing the status.
His disease might have been caused by deliberate radioactive contamination by the Stasi during his imprisonment.
Machines resembling Wells' fighting machines are briefly seen attacking London, as a deliberate homage to The War of the Worlds.
Afterwards, Ricki, La La, and Stryker deliberate which girls will be on the Dean's List.
Behavior Cycles--Represents "deliberate communication activities on the part of an organization to decrease levels of ambiguity".
Whilst indicating the impromptu nature of the landing, this also signifies that science was a deliberate aim from the first.
In a May 2009 interview, Scott emphasised the deliberate light-heartedness of the Sockington updates and pages.
The budget is introducing the Schoolkids Bonus, a replacement for the under-utilized Education Tax Refund.
If ATF denies an application, it must refund the tax.
Other incentives include a refund on capital investments of up to 30 percent once a production facility is in operation.
Environment Protection Act 1993 (SA) now governs the levying and refund of deposits.
No proper reason, refund or compensation was made.
In 2006, Perfectmatch.com was stung with controversy over complaints about poor service and failure to response to refund requests.
Upon revocation, the buyer can then cancel the contract and compel refund of the purchase price of the goods.
An estimated 10 million buyers were eligible to claim a refund.
Ms. Murphy's tax refund claim was denied.
The refund was about $5,000 for all 20 workers.
Parties may bring suit for a refund of taxes paid.
MET paid federal income tax on its investment earnings, and in 1990 filed suit for refund from the IRS.
The company ended production without any type of notification or refund to subscribers or advertisers.
Additionally, $150 million from the settlement money was intended to be used to refund U.S.-based customers.
She refund the hotel for 500,000 francs to the banker Jean-Frédéric Perregaux.
Conrad offered Louis to refund him his 22000guilders, but Louis turned the offer down.
On the basis of this law in 2005 The Fund was established, which should refund deposits to the citizens.
As of April 2, 2008, customer support states "We do not refund quick checkout balances.
The group's first victory, in 1863, was convincing the government to refund a tax on lager.
Producers must refund to FSA counter-cyclical payments that exceed the actual counter-cyclical payment for each respective crop.
Contributions are limited to £3,600 (£2,880 before 20% tax refund) or 100% of earned income (if higher).
Cardholder-originated transactions include purchase, withdrawal, deposit, refund, reversal, balance inquiry, payments and inter-account transfers.
The seller was then to refund the Iraqi government a certain percentage of the commission.
He returned in 1926 to refund a portion of the bribe back to Iran.
If the overseas buyer is unable to pay for the goods the suppliers are liable to refund the confirming house.
The user could also potentially return the item for a refund so it can be used again.
The Gotchers paid the deficiency and filed suit for a refund.
Exploitation of the system had begun by the early 1990s; filers misreported their income to inflate their refund.
Others have been reported to print fake receipts which they use to return stolen merchandise for a cash refund.
It is the practice of purchasing an item, using it, and then returning it to the store for a refund.
Apple offered to refund customers who bought the device after being misled by the advertising.
This is one of the stations that can refund the 20RMB deposit for the Shanghai Public Transportation Card.
Consumers were able to receive a refund or have their purchase transferred to another collector's edition.
The organising committee has offered to refund all tickets not redeemed at the match.
Europa received a tax refund of $NZ4,000,000.
Deposit-refund systems are used on products such as batteries, tyres, automotive oil, consumer electronics and shipping pallets.
Caracal stated that a refund will be made to its customers.
The company agreed to pay $210 million to settle the legal action against them and to refund two million customers.
Prepayment program deals only with a credit return, that is, a GST/HST return that requests a refund.
If the borrower subsequently provides proof of insurance, a refund is issued, otherwise, the premiums are rolled into the loan.
Frontier received over 30,000 refund requests for canceled flights resulting from the event.
In April, they expected that a tax refund from the US government would help ease the burden.
After this strike, students sought a refund for tuition, a request that was denied by the Board of Regents.
Just days after Christmas, Wolfe broke into the office of Barbara Bird, an attorney in the IRS's Refund Litigation Service.
Ormond expanded into other services, including Refund Financial Planning, Refund Real Estate, Refund Property Investment and Refund Finance & Leasing.
Everyone who voted was offered a refund.
In 2011, the FTC mailed 450,177 refund checks to homeowners who were allegedly overcharged by Countrywide.
If a suspect note is found to be genuine a full refund by cheque will be made.
Persons in violation will be sent to the lockers or possibly ejected from the park without a refund.
In return, the manager offers to refund their tickets, as well as pay them for their services.
Instead, contact the manufacturer or installer to determine their return policy for a refund or credit.
It has collected dozens of complaints about what it calls rudeness, misinformation, incompetence, special-needs mistreatment and refund problems.
Three candidates received the maximum refund allowed; the other four had too few votes and received no refund.
Partial refund checks were mailed to roughly 350,000 Herbalife distributors in January 2017.
The lowest prize is effectively a refund of the €1.50 that was used to purchase a ticket.
In some instances, Baby Gender Mentor may request the finger press of the baby to conclude the refund process.
In 2004, Ormond launched Refund Home Loans.
According to Alabama law such refusal to work and refund the money was prima facie evidence of intent to defraud.
New Customers were offered a refund for their devices, based on Karma's standard 45-day return policy.
Many consumers have trouble getting a refund or exchange for these often defective DVDs.
Louisiana Boardwalk provides a sales tax refund on purchases up to $500 in cash and over $500 by check.
An additional $5,000 can be purchased using your income tax refund on form 1040.
There were not many backers from China, and they were offered a refund in spring 2015.
The largest refund went to Davies, who received in excess of seven hundred wrongly deducted points.
It promises to refund the price of any ticket that fails to reach a buyer by FedEx.
If the ferries had fallen one knot below specifications, BC Ferries could similarly cancel the contract for a full refund.
When he gets a refund for the free cake, Jenna decides to scam the restaurant.
Instead of getting a refund, subscribers were sent copies of The Week.
As a settlement, Zipcar will refund any damage charges assessed against consumers who disputed their responsibility for the damage.
When the Outfit complained, Antinori refused a refund.
This is more difficult these days, as more places of retail will delay a refund on purchases made by check.
Please request a call credit transfer or refund by April 3, 2011.
The payment was a refund against the money paid for the Criminal Investigations Department forensic laboratory.
This has given taxpayers an opportunity to save and spend some of their refund (rather than only spend their refund).
They reluctantly agree to stay after Fiddler refuses a refund and the girls approve of the place.
Drama:A Farce-Satire in One Act (1925)Refund : a farce in one act adapted, from the Hungarian, by Percival Wilde.
Customers' only recourse was to visit the Encore USA website and submit a refund request for the software.
Hesse won the war and Henry had to refund the 22000 guilders.
This kind of refund or rebate is known as a "drawback".
If a manual recount overturns the outcome of an election, the state will then refund the money to the candidate.
Helen (91) returns a shirt which has a large stain on it to a shop for a refund.
If the man broke off the engagement, he got no refund.
Effective April 2016, the company will automatically refund clients whose ads were served to non-human traffic, also known as bots.
This invoice demanded a refund of a calculated £20 billion overcharge in taxation on tin production from 1337-1837.
PayPal refunded the money, but did not refund exchange and handling fees for international donors.
Retailers are required to refund deposit to consumer when they present containers.
People who bought tickets for recent shows received a refund.
Collecting the tax on all media but allowing purchasers to claim a refund for media applied to non-covered uses.
Valve allowed users to submit a ticket for a refund if they weren't satisfied with the game.
The process of claiming a refund is known as duty drawback.
He adapted and restructured several classics to produce notable radio plays.
Japan, France and the Republic of Korea also contributed, producing 261 000, 238 000 and 115 000 tonnes produce, respectively.
China learned from India how to produce sugar and began trading it to Japan.
On January 20, 2012 Screen Gems Production asked to co-produce the film in place of MTV Films.
The organization sold milk products produced from the buffalo milk and produce from the farm.
Frequently, bricklayers laid the bricks in such a way as to produce dentils in the courses.
He also taught in a school, established farming in his community, and traded produce to Pakeha settlers in Auckland.
At the same time he began to produce slower and softer tracks.
Plants grow from egg-shaped tubers that produce short runners and a basal rosette of leaves.
Their vision was to produce a woodland garden, composed of many individual gardens.
While working in this company, she learned how to produce videos.
The screenplay by Jonathan Stokes was purchased by After Dark Films in 2011 for Joel Silver to executive produce.
As of 2015, Castille continues to produce monthly flyers and posters for the show.
First, courts require that the defense produce some evidence to support an allegation of UCI.
These elements blend in the right proportions to produce a rather affecting song.
The surrounding areas produce wheat and other cereal crops.
Male fetuses produce H-Y antigens which may be involved in the sexual differentiation of vertebrates.
Power: He can produce high voltages of electricity, as well as absorb it.
P. lutea can produce multiple flower stalks in spring and can reach as high as 50 cm.
They then produce samizdat literature that breathes hatred against everything human and to the Soviet Union especially.
Yamano Hajime, using the pen-name Nekojiru-y, took over Nekojiru's world, and continues to produce new works.
The backers were impressed, and contracts were drawn up to produce 50 units.
Coronado students produce a weekly television show for the student body, which is downloadable from the school's podcast.
In 2014, Eastham collaborated with opera singer Tony Henry to compose, record and produce the EP Percosi.
Pharmaceutical companies which produce antivenom target their products against the species native to a particular area.
Gloster therefore embarked on a redesign programme to produce a new version of the Meteor with better performance.
The immediate interpretant is a quality of impression which a sign is fitted to produce, a special potentiality.
The flowers produce abundant nectar and attract insects and birds.
They have a compact body and produce an average of one liter of milk each day.
This stem cell can produce red blood cells, platelets, mast cells, dendritic cells, macrophages, lymphocytes, neutrophils, basophils, and eosinophils.
Talks broke down after more than 20 straight days of bargaining failed to produce a new contract.
The main change made to produce the Hydra was the Mk.
Thus, many tissues producing steroids, including the adrenal glands, testes, and ovaries, produce progestogens.
The fuel should have high heat of combustion and produce oxides with low melting point and high boiling point.
Around the outside of this chamber were Helmholtz coils, which were used to produce a uniform surrounding magnetic field.
The kidneys produce their own natriuretic 32-residue peptide.
Feather obtained the first evidence that neutrons can produce nuclear disintegrations.
He argued that these changes would be inherited by the next generation and produce slow adaptation to the environment.
In 2011, Faisal Tehrani produce novel Sebongkah Batu di Kuala Berang with PTS Litera.
At Turner Upfront TNT has announced to produce a pilot for a US remake of the German series.
Prism rotators use multiple internal reflections to produce beams with rotated polarization.
The pupils plans to use produce grown in the gardens in school meals and projects."
Inspired by Dorothea Lange, she began to produce informative social reform photographs.
To impart education in regulated marketing of agricultural produce.
They produce a stomach oil made up of wax esters and triglycerides that is stored in the proventriculus.
The Mission enlisted the help of John Paul Jones to produce their second album Children, engineered by Mark 'Spike' Stent.
The Stage 2 committees, unlike the Stage 1 committees, do not produce a report on the Bill.
He also contributes to or helps produce other Washington D.C.-area recordings.
The film took 18 months to produce.
Hanhart used a complex layering of tint stones, to produce work unique in colouration and tonal values.
In order to produce a follow-up picture, Raimi needed nearly $150,000.
Algaculture could potentially produce far more oil per unit area.
The palm tree forests produce ample fruit that attracts oilbirds.
Selling index options 12 times per year can produce significant income.
Degraide would produce one album, a high-energy rock project, and Cosper would helm the second one, an earthy, Americana record.
Trophozoites then mature to schizonts which divide several times to produce new merozoites.
Male plants produce staminate flowers 2 or 3 millimeters wide and female plants produce slightly larger pistillate flowers.
This school would go on to produce fifty world champions and two Olympic champions.
They produce multicolored cardboard and paper skulls in various sizes although the most common is about 75 cm tall.
Gliocladium can produce conidiophores that are branching and vertically oriented, similar to the genera Verticillium, Trichoderma and Penicillium.
However, when a larger quantity was required the army improvised, using a local dye to produce uniform locally.
This in turn is expected to produce more spiritual seeking, although not exclusive to religious institutions.
Females produce litters of one to six young either annually or biennially.
The same bacteria (and the enzymes they produce) also play a large role in the eventual flavor of aged cheeses.
Burton was set to co-write and co-produce the film, with a possibility to direct.
Modern calculations place the amount of water needed to produce one ton of cane at 3-10 cubic meters.
Everton was the first club to produce regular match programmes.
Buttons are chewed to produce the effects or soaked in water to drink.
Artist Michael Green worked with Coleman Barks to produce illustrated version of Rumi's works.
The beam is frequency doubled to produce a green laser.
The map was drawn at twice final map scale, and photographically reduced to produce the five film positives for printing.
It can also produce high quality oil, but this is hard to extract.
This season featured 19 half-hour segments which were combined and aired to produce 14 distinct episodes, directed by 11 directors.
This forces the plant to produce side branches that produce fruit much sooner and more flowers and more fruit.
Vanguard uses a number of custom sound chips to produce digitized voices and custom synthesizer sounds.
They produce a variety of sounds, including clicks and chatters reminiscent of raccoons.
Hanouna created "H2O Production" in April 2010 in order to produce his own TV program.
Although each factor may contribute only a small amount to the inflation, combined, they can produce exaggerated scores.
They also produce additional products and accessories such as fireplace inserts, free-standing stoves, gas log sets, and venting products.
CPB was created and funded by the federal government; it does not produce or distribute any programming.
This to have hind legs suitable to produce cured ham.
More than 600 NPAs associated with either NIB or SourceAmerica produce products and services under the AbilityOne Program.
However, the project was abandoned as Uto's forces harassed the Spanish, gathering the metal used in construction to produce krises.
Altogether, there are more than 123 sugar-producing countries, but only 30% of the produce is traded on the international market.
He would then expect them to produce results in a matter of weeks, with no other facilitation or investment.
Mice that produce the soluble SCF but not transmembrane SCF suffer from anemia, are sterile, and lack pigmentation.
In December 2008, Dynamite partnered with Wizard Magazine to produce a special #½ issue.
At 16:00 p.m., the Serbian 1st Army's thrust on Sokol failed to produce intended results.
These active cells produce collagenous fibers and ground substance.
This may produce severe adverse effects or even death.
To complement the monitored video chat, Omegle also has an "unmonitored" video chat that is not monitored for sexual content.
Many critics viewed the song as single material and commended the production, but criticized the composition and lyrical content.
Christmas beer is another type of winter warmer, similarly strong in alcohol content and usually spiced.
The Swamiji blessed him and the devotee returned with content and happiness.
The Content Security Policy HTTP Header lets web sites tell web browsers which domain scripts may be included from.
Following its release, Dishonored was supplemented with additional content focusing on the assassin Daud and his quest for redemption.
He contributed content for the American Organist and the Woman's Home Companion.
Per 100-gram serving, coconut water contains 19 calories and no significant content of essential nutrients.
The main flavour ingredients are coffee beans, Jamaican rum, vanilla, and sugar, blended to an alcoholic content of 26.5%.
It is published three times each year, and content is published on its website several times each week.
Kumi Kumi is known for its exceptional alcohol content.
M. Balamuralikrishna was the original choice for the male playback singer, due to the heavy classical content of the compositions.
The channel was created as a result of YouTube's original content partner scheme.
Content from the United States diplomatic cables leak has depicted Sub-Saharan Africa and related subjects extensively.
All BBC websites are required to link to WebWise when using content which requires a plug-in.
There are 3 distribution strategies for successful content marketing, each with tradeoffs in customization, reach, and time commitment.
Most of the content of the AJR was from outside contributors (freelancers).
The Century brand with a high speech content ratio became successful, with other stations subsequently launched in Nottingham and Salford.
SET India and Sony SAB airs original content catering audiences of urban male and family audiences respectively.
LiveLeak currently has multiple categories including Syria and Ukraine, in which graphic content regarding various conflicts can be viewed.
CAM is a product of the OASIS Content Assembly Technical Committee.
There is a policy to move to digital content where there is choice.
US Census Bureau Webdesign: SSD, Laura K Yax, Content: DSSD, Phil Gbur, POP, Jason Devine.
The lyrical content of crust punk tends to be bleak and nihilistic, yet politically engaged.
Forms of content, also known as material forms, include the assemblage of human and nonhuman bodies, actions, and reactions.
Novelists come from a variety of backgrounds and social classes, and frequently this shapes the content of their works.
These orbitals have a higher energy content then the sp-orbital.
When complete, the liquid has an alcohol content of 5 to 7% by volume, and is now known as wash.
Content rights and delivery is provided by document delivery vendor, Reprints Desk.
It generally provides viewers from the region with free streaming of premium Arabic content.
This is due to numerous proxies representing different atmospheric carbon dioxide content.
Another license released a year later, also by the Open Content Project, is called the Open Publication License.
This process, called coalification, concentrates the carbon content, and thus the heat content, of the material.
After screening by filters, content is reviewed by paid teachers and parents using a set of content guidelines.
Halo 5: Guardians was released on October 27, 2015, with semi-exclusive content to those who purchased select Mega Bloks sets.
KPFT granted a request to relinquish its right to KUHF, to broadcast NPR content.
They had also considered releasing it as a four-disc box set to accommodate the large volume of content produced.
UWE follows the separation of concerns building separate models for requirements, content, hypertext, presentation, process, adaptivity and architecture.
It was based on the Honda Ballade and used a Honda-designed engine, but met United Kingdom component-content requirements.
He issued a warning to the fans due to the religious content of the song.
Some receiving warnings on content from C4.
Media Foundation uses the Enhanced Video Renderer (EVR) for rendering video content, which acts as a mixer as well.
People ("users") use Web browsers, media players, assistive technologies or other "user agents" to get and interact with the content."
The Encyclopedia includes content somewhat more varied than a traditional encyclopedia or other related efforts like Wikipedia or Citizendium.
For operational and content qualitative reasons, not more than two television channels are managed from one TCR.
He had a blood alcohol content of 0.12%.
The soils are dark in colour with a high lime content, permeable and poor in organic matter.
The wine must have a minimum alcohol content of at least 17% and be composed of at least 70% Trebbiano.
R. (2008) Validity and reliability of the job content questionnaire in formal and informal jobs in Brazil.
However, the paywall was removed in April 2013; all content on Variety.com can now be accessed free-of-charge.
The court ruled that Dailymotion had failed to take action against users illegally posting TF1 content online.
The maturity of service-oriented-architectures has fueled an ecosystem of ajax-based gadgets (widgets) that encapsulate content services (REST, WSDL).
The extensive runs result in many unique varieties, prized for their fat content.
The content of Commercial Motor consists of editorial followed by classified advertising.
Magic Logix provides SEO services, Web Marketing strategies, and Content Management services.
They augmented a scatterplot using sounds that varied along frequency, spectral content, and amplitude modulation dimensions to use in classification.
Salmon maintains that co-designative proper names are inter-substitutable with preservation of semantic content.
In May 2012, Sina Weibo introduced new restrictions on the content its 300 million users can post.
Besides technical improvements, the IS-2000 documents are much more mature in terms of layout and content.
The Science exam included content in science, technology, ecology and the environmental studies.
The volume content is 353 km³ (85 cu mi) and gross storage capacity is 41,459.00 km³ (9,946.54 cu mi).
The teacher, and sometimes also the student, can make anecdotal notes about the content of the conference.
The sequencing of content in a broadcast is called a schedule.
The satirical lyric content also fitted well with the son, and many bands played both genres.
During the inquiry, Sky and Virgin Media had claimed that Kangaroo would concentrate too much power over content.
Originally intended for a 3 pm time slot, Spyder Games ultimately debuted at 7 pm because of its racy content.
The ice content of the glacier has been assessed as 0.137 cubic km.
The Idaho Statesman offers IdahoStatesman.com with repurposed news, sports and classifieds content.
The Baba Yaga downloadable content sees Lara investigating a disturbance within the Soviet mining facility.
Content will be provided by the implementing partners, GBPUAT, UAS-Raichur and ICRISAT.
In 2010, Arnett and former Arrested Development co-star Jason Bateman created DumbDumb Productions, a production company focusing on digital content.
Since the information content depends on initial probabilities, a positive test can either be highly informative or uninformative.
The site features up to the minute previews, features, interviews as well as a wide variety of multimedia content.
Low silicon content is indicative of mafic and ultramafic igneous rocks, such as basalt and dunite.
Such coal often has ash content averaging 40 per cent.
Google uses its technology to serve advertisements based on website content, the user's geographical location, and other factors.
However, others respond to this critique by arguing that precisely such content is representative of the global pop-cultural scene.
In practice, the first sermon is longer and contains most of the content.
Players may transfer characters and progression of Grand Theft Auto Online between some platforms and gain exclusive content.
It features pure CGI content as well as CGI characters composited into filmed live-action sequences.
The content of the video was not changed.
Additional courses and other content are available as fee-based downloads.
ITC produced and distributed a wide range of content across both film and television, over several decades.
During September activists conducted several monitorings on presence of Russian content in the Ukrainian television.
The RPM model pays filmmakers for every minute watched of their content.
While the show did not excel due to some content criticisms, it had one long lasting effect.
Content includes 360-degree panoramic photos of previous events, virtual tours of the 2016 festival site, interviews, and performances.
Under the reign of Shah Jahan, the symbolic content of Mughal architecture reached a peak.
When boiled, its protein content is reported to be more than that of maize, with double the calcium content.
The show is true to the duo's mission to produce positive, educational, and entertaining content for African-American children.
For specialty units, FDNY uses a variety of manufacturers.
It uses its talons or claws to slash its victims and to get their heart.
An example of a processed pizza cheese is Provel, which uses Cheddar, Swiss, and Provolone cheeses as flavorants.
Compared to other mass circulation papers in Israel, Haaretz uses smaller headlines and print.
The Ashbory uses silicone rubber strings and an acoustic piezo-transducer pickup to create the instrument's tone.
Amtrak currently uses the former BNSF freight house as the station building, as the main building became unused in 1986.
Noticeable is the preeminent role of France in the introduction of new innovative uses of waterpower.
The Cauer topology uses passive components (shunt capacitors and series inductors) to implement a linear analog filter.
The poem consists of 317 verses and uses free strophes of hendecasyllables and septuplets as its meter.
The axle uses a modified Saginaw 9.5 differential, ring and pinion.
This version uses electric guitars instead of fiddles, though the original lyrics are still performed.
Labor's 2015 Marriage Equality initiative uses the phrase "It's Time.
He uses mostly a 2007, 6136 Gretsch White Falcon.
Jimmy Page uses a double dropped D guitar tuning similar to the alternative tunings Mitchell uses.
This is consistent with the ritual uses of rood lofts being substantially a late medieval development.
Danish uses the separate reflexive pronoun sig for third person pronouns, and 'selv' to mark intensive.
The game Puzzle Pirates uses the Elo rating system to determine the standings in the various puzzles.
Another gag is that she sometimes uses her rear end to attack the Kinclons, which apparently knocks them out cold.
This article uses the most popular divisions.
The Massachusetts State Defense Force uses the Army Combat Uniform and a patrol cap.
He frequently uses the theme "game"/"play" in his songs.
It mainly uses a green screen and computer-generated effects, making the clip minimal and performance-based.
The Warlpiri alphabet uses only ordinary letters, with no accent marks.
Millia uses this as another chance to find Zato.
It uses its ten-foot beak to spear its prey.
So now Metamath uses the premise of opreq2i.
This secondary array uses pumped-fluid cooling to maintain operating temperature.
Since a pacemaker uses batteries, the device itself will need replacement as the batteries lose power.
His design, patented in 1820 and 1835, uses easy-to-handle planks arranged diagonally with short spaces in between them.
The Gleaner A85 is a Gleaner combine harvester that uses the C13, and it is considered a class 8 vehicle.
Gabe is a genius of technology and uses a handheld.
The husband shows Osama the padlocks he uses on his wives' rooms, reserving the largest for Osama.
The technology uses engines to generate a primary magnetic field.
The Council of the European Union uses 'Qualified majority voting'.
He uses a magic mirror to see things at a distance and carries a fan as his weapon.
Line 2 uses four-car trains of class 3400 since summer 2007.
Her film uses both interviews and archival material.
The campaign aims to educate people on the history and uses of cannabis and pave way for its legalization.
Gout was associated with overindulgence in alcohol and rich food and Hogarth uses it here for that purpose.
NSA uses two serial protocols for key fill, DS-101 and DS-102.
Tess uses an alien power to blank her memory.
The original formulation uses sodium deoxycholate to improve solubility.
The starfield effect uses a bug in the Atari 2600 hardware.
To express past tense negative, Hawaiian Pidgin uses neva (never).
Ukraine uses five-digit numeric postal codes that are written immediately to the right of the city or settlement name.
Throughout the game, there are several instances where he disapproves of the techniques which Batman uses.
Most of the nation uses Burmese units only, although Burmese government web pages in English use imperial and metric units.
This is based on Linotype's digitization of the typeface; Linotype uses a different name to avoid trademark infringement.
Radiology assisted spine surgery uses minimally-invasive procedures.
She is a criminal psychologist who uses rationale to analyze everything.
Drugs of hallucination: The uses and misuses of lysergic acid diethylamide.
It uses Alberti bass and has strong harmonic features.
Afterwards, Sable uses Venom as bait for Spider-Man but Spider-Man escapes her again.
The Japan Meteorological Agency uses 10-minute sustained winds, while the Joint Typhoon Warning Center uses 1-minute sustained winds.
It features the same specifications as the 1000H, except it uses a 900 MHz Celeron CPU chip.
This print has 32 pages, size 8.5 x 14 cm and uses Schwabacher typeface.
With all of the Legionnaires having survived, Superboy uses the hypnosis ray to erase Lana's knowledge of his secret identity.
Vesicants have medical uses including wart removal but can be fatal if even small amounts are ingested.
Vulcan API Uses Mantle Technology for OpenGL".
Cooper uses Dean Guitars and EMG-81/85 pickups.
Victoria's Secret uses the show to promote and market its goods in high-profile settings.
He also uses a Classic Gibson Firebird.
For more details of the usage of some of the above verb forms, see Uses of non-finite verbs in English.
The commune of Grunwald uses the two swords in its coat of arms.
The line uses a dedicated fleet of 2-car trains built by Rotem, a member of Hyundai Motor Group.
The series uses real vintage aircraft and re-creates mid-air combat sequences.
Their journaling feature uses a rule-based selection to determine whether an e-mail should or should not be journaled.
He edited EDU, DEC's newsletter on educational uses of computers, that regularly published instructions for playing computer games on minicomputers.
Written by Imre Poniklo, the song uses a verse-chorus form.
Line 6 uses 6-car trains of mostly class 8400, however the line still has class 5000's on the line.
One of the last industrial uses for large bipolar motors was for early railway electric locomotives.
This structural system uses combinations of shear walls and frames designed to resist lateral forces.
The school is located near the Paa-ko Ridge community, and the golf team uses the Paa-ko golf course to practice.
Shock rarely speaks directly, instead he beat-boxes and uses his hands to act out ideas.
There is also an older method called Kantorovich iteration that uses Newton's method directly (without the introduction of smoothing operators).
Handel uses both polyphonic and homophonic settings to illustrate the text best.
Mass spectrometry has both qualitative and quantitative uses.
Tehkan World Cup uses two Zilog Z80C 8-bit CPU microprocessors at 4.608 MHz clock rate for processing.
Particularly significant to the design of the P90 is the small-caliber, high-velocity bottlenecked cartridge it uses.
Ring often uses doors and windows as thresholds.
The Medicinal Uses of Cannabis and Cannabinoids.
This swimming event uses medley swimming as a relay.
The episode uses elements from The Legend of Zelda and The Adventure of Link.
The British Parliament uses committees for a variety of purposes, e.g., for the review of bills.
For a time, this device defeated the intent of the Statute of Uses.
State schools on the island now uses a two-tier system.
Meanwhile, House uses a dead patient's name to obtain Oxycodone pills as a Vicodin replacement drug.
This lens uses an inner focusing system, powered by a ring type HSM motor.
The missile uses a multi-function doppler-monopulse active radar seeker developed by OAO Agat.
Herbalists began to explore the use of plants for both medicinal purposes and agricultural uses.
Females attack human soon after they mate with males.
The master's mate escaped in 1813, but it is not clear how the men came to be captured.
Actress Bhama is the romantic interest and a fellow college mate.
The results indicated that alpha male Capuchin are the preferred mate for adult females.
His running mate, James Sauro, wins a one-year seat.
Among Frank's pallbearers was his former Yorkshire prop forward and team mate Rodney Childs.
Yet she's tied to him for life, both of them caught in an unbreakable mate bond.
During the War of 1812, he was appointed "surgeon's mate," or assistant surgeon.
In the 1970s she was transported along with her mate to the planet Zillikian by aliens known as 'Suppliers'.
On average, females birth offspring every 27 months even though they mate throughout the year.
But instead of the original version they remember, the boat returns for them, led by the first mate.
On 14 July 2012, Coutts joined Derby County on a three-year contract, joining up with Scotland team mate Craig Bryson.
The connector looks almost identical to a typical BNC connector, but is not designed to mate with BNC jacks.
The Paper Mate PhD Multi is a pen/pencil/stylus combination.
Professor Mate Radmilovic even suspected the authenticity of one of his works, attributing it to his colleague professor Kljakovic.
When nuptial gifts are given it increases copulations and searches to find females to mate with.
McGarr baled out, his wing mate was killed in action.
In 1997, following the band's demo release Mate.
Females are also known to mate with multiple males, especially with non-nest mates.
One day, he corrected a college mate for not hitting right notes while singing a song.
On 17 December, APC chose Professor Yemi Osinbajo as the running mate of General M. Buhari.
The new alphabet was tested in 1988 and 1989 by students from the primary school Mate Balota in Buje, Croatia.
The adults will mate and produce unsheathed microfilariae.
He had a "mate" named Toto, but apparently never showed any interest in her.
While playing for the Mallards, Starke was a line-mate of Luke Stauffacher.
They do not screen for disorders arising from dominant gene mutations, as these cannot be prevented by informed mate selection.
Males wrestle with one another for the right to mate with females.
In 1970 he founds the band Provisorium after meeting his lifelong mate, keyboardist Jaro Filip.
His running mate was Héctor Maria Maya.
On February 28, 2014 Trujillo was named as Zuluaga's vicepresidencial running mate.
Anne Goeke was Nader's running mate in Iowa and Vermont.
He is a close personal friend of Clyde player/manager Barry Ferguson and former Middlesbrough team mate Kris Boyd.
Former Republican Governor Juan Babauta is running as an independent, with former Republican Senator Juan Torres as his running mate.
His team mate Sanderlei Parrela was the 400 m winner.
The song features guest vocals from musician and his then label-mate Akon, with T-Pain, who also produced this track.
That June, he joined hip hop label Brand New Music, home to his Overclass crew mate Verbal Jint.
Juveniles being housed with adults, including one 16-year-old who was sexually assaulted by his adult cell mate.
It was observed that snails that rub against their mates, will forcefully place the love dart into their mate.
He was nominated as His running mate was Michael Steinberg of Florida.
They all meet up with First Mate Lance Spears (Patrick Seitz) who is lazy at all times.
He was not slated to start the game, but was written in to fill in for an injured team mate.
Adults usually mate on the day of emergence, and the females start laying eggs from the day following mating.
During this period this bird abandons its solitary habits to find a mate, with which it remains monogamous.
In the novel Frankenstein creates a mate, but destroys it without bringing it to life.
The race was also the 9th and last Bathurst 1000 win for his longtime team mate Peter Brock.
Brax reveals that Ash is his former cell mate, who helped him out while he was in prison.
He and a boatswain's mate decided to attempt to open the torpedo loading hatch rather than die from the gas.
Aggregation pheromones function in mate selection, overcoming host resistance by mass attack, and defense against predators.
Surtees' Austrian team mate Jochen Rindt finished third.
During warm days males patrol for females so they can mate.
With so few whales in such a large area, simply finding a mate is difficult.
Hazel's beautiful mate is Primrose, whom he freed from Efrafa.
In some cases, males will successfully mate with two workers, and some pairs may return to their nest while mating.
Both songs were written by Taiji in memory of his former band mate hide (X Japan).
In some mammal species, mostly nonhuman primates, it is common for males to commit infanticide to mate with females.
In the 800m Nicholls finished just a second behind team mate Hannah Cockroft with a time of 2:16.68.
Second on the grid was his McLaren-Honda team mate Gerhard Berger who was over half a second slower.
On April 28, 1978, Edward F. King chose State Representative Peter McDowell to be his running mate.
One-third of all P. biglumis females will mate with multiple male partners, all of whom will be related.
His running mate, Senator Jose Yulo lost to Senator Carlos P. Garcia.
He had to find a new running mate as his previous deputy governor had defected to an opposition party.
These eggs later hatch and the progeny mate.
They emerge as adults solely to mate, and as such, only live approximately one week.
Piquet's British team mate Nigel Mansell finished third.
Single male deer will usually mate with nearby females.
Paul Ryan of Wisconsin as his vice-presidential running mate.
This elaborate diel timing of movements is driven by the need to forage or mate while minimizing predation.
She also announced Ferdinand "Bongbong" Marcos Jr. as her running mate for vice president.
On August 5, 2010, Hickenlooper selected CSU-Pueblo president Joseph A. Garcia as his running mate.
Atienza served as Lim's running mate when Lim served as mayor from 1992 to 1998.
His training mate Fortune Gordien went on to break world records and win Olympic medals.
Following and enquiry the master and mate were severely censured.
The ship's chief mate, 59-year-old Robert M. "Bob" Cusick, was trapped under the deckhouse as the ship went down.
If one dies, the remaining eagle often searches for a new mate to replace the one lost.
Goldsmith easily won the primary and soon after chose Witwer as his running mate.
Local mate competition (LMC) can be considered a special type of LRC.
The album was the last collaboration with her former band mate Romeo Grill until 2012.
Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them.
During this time they daily leave the nest looking for food, during which time they may mate.
Males perform precopulatory mate guarding behavior, in which males find and perch on pupae, followed by copulation with the female.
Former Vice President Charles W. Fairbanks was nominated as his running mate.
They were given the "okay" to mate by the SSP, because they had different genes, insuring genetically diverse offspring.
Therefore less attractive females are less likely to mate.
Traditionally, coca leaves are prepared either to chew or as a tea (mate de coca).
His running mate, Senator Jose Laurel, Jr. lost to Pampanga Representative Diosdado Macapagal.
As a body part, he is the loins with his Emanation/mate Enion representing sexual urges.
When ready to mate, the pair preened each other.
Max gives O.B. a watch inscribed with the words Best Man, Best Mate.
Reform Party founder Ross Perot did not endorse a candidate, but his former running-mate Pat Choate endorsed Buchanan.
Thus, tsumeshogi problems are strictly mate problems.
There are entrance charges (except for RSPB members).
However, her entrance was blocked by the University's Board of Trustees in 1882.
There was also an entrance to the cinema from the parking garage.
The elaborate entrance gates from Knights Hill are still missing.
He posted men at windows and behind the brick wall in the front of the building to block the entrance.
The building is linked to Palazzo Vilhena, but it has its own entrance and facade.
Fourth Street Entrance is located at the east side of the station.
The main trailhead is located at the front entrance to the park on Atherton Rd, off State Route 29.
The most commonly taught entrance to a toe loop is straight-line approach into a right forward inside 3 turn.
During the German occupation, barracks, a radar installation and artillery on Fyns Hoved guarded the entrance to the Great Belt.
Peyote mandalas or neakilas (nierika) symbolize the entrance to the spiritual world.
After the war, the entrance to the cave was dynamited in 1947, and again in September 1948.
Circa-1894 photo of the entrance to the Bone Cave, from Bucks County Historical Society.
Matchday parking is available on the Whitehaven Miners' car park adjacent to the stadium main entrance.
In the middle of the front sidewall was built a large door that allowed the entrance of the Egyptian conqueror.
And then started his entrance into the Christian Music Scene.
The building's west entrance has a pavilion with a gambrel roof.
The Entrance Hall is the main entrance area of the palace.
Behind the left front pillar was the entrance to the pulpit, which had a rectangular sounding board.
The central bay contains a recessed entrance, while the remaining front bays contain two-story arched windows.
Also there has been a small exhibition at the local Hotel Aarden, next to the town entrance and harbour.
The main entrance consists of a retracted portal with two Doric columns.
Instead of one main entrance, the Palace features separate entrances for the different user groups of the building.
The entrance front has two storeys plus cellars; the wards have three storeys plus attics and basements.
Renaudin moored his ships at the entrance of Toulon Roads to cover the harbour against a possible English attack.
Suncorp Stadium, at Lang Park on 40 Castlemaine St, Milton with frontage and entrance now on Caxton Street, Paddington.
The only established entrance to the village is through Ar'ara.
The public lavoir situated at the entrance to the lane leading to the chateau is fed by the fountain.
The main entrance is a pair of doors recessed behind fluted architraves.
It previously served as the entrance to the platform tunnels.
Its range of street-level shopfronts is broken at the center of the main, 57th Street front by its entrance.
Tall, paired windows stand directly over the entrance and open onto the balcony.
When she failed entrance examinations to both university and teachers' college, she became a pupil-teacher at Waitara School.
The central section is cut by massive lateral crevasses which bar entrance into the upper Western Cwm.
He also restored the pilgrim entrance and opened up the blind arcade in the northern end of the west wall.
The present three-story, five-bayed entrance front in the Georgian style dates from this period.
Bubon is in a mountainous tract and it commands the entrance to the pass over the mountains.
Both of these facades are five bays wide, with a center entrance that has a distinctive surround.
The school is built within metres of the entrance to Wellington Harbour.
It features two grand staircases at the main entrance which leads to a terrace.
The church has a 38-metre (125 ft) tall free-standing square bell tower near the main entrance.
The building has a northern and a southern entrance, though only the southern entrance is ever shown.
The main entrance to the park is via the Cabrillo Bridge and through the California Quadrangle.
In 1943, cement steps were installed at the main entrance of the church.
ICOCA cards can be used at the entrance/exit, alternatively.
In 1924, the memorial for Charles Brooke was constructed at the building entrance square.
The main entrance is flanked by side bays that feature two windows with segmental heads.
At the entrance is a parking lot, where one can wait for the bus to arrive.
The central inset entrance has a door with large rectangular light and transom flanked by large plate glass windows.
On his travels, Coronado was stoned at the entrance to the village by the native Indians.
Above the entrance is an inscription in Arabic calligraphy.
Today a monument of Georgi Asparuhov is erected next to the official entrance of the main stand.
When Botvinnik finished the school curriculum, he was below the minimum age for the entrance examinations for higher education.
This is similar to the Medical Entrance Tests conducted by AIIMS, And AIPMT.
Japanese pro wrestler Yoshiaki Yatsu used the song as his entrance theme in All Japan Pro Wrestling.
With the soldiers now at peace, Hercules collapses the entrance of the cave so they will never be disturbed again.
The middle entrance is now partially opened.
The destroyed bells were welded together and placed near the entrance to the building.
Either side of this entrance door is a pair of casement windows.
The Pandolfini family already owned the medieval tower that is currently in front of the main entrance to the villa.
The entrance was a semicircular common, only a portion of which still remains.
Many houses have double doors at the entrance and a reeded roll length wise under a four light transom.
It features a large central semi-circular bow with a conical roof around the main entrance.
The following week on Nitro, Asya debuted a new entrance to the ring.
They hang above the entrance to the "Hunny Heaven" room, but riders must turn around in order to see them.
Each battle begins with the wrestlers' entrance sequence.
The entrance, located in the rightmost bay, is in a recess flanked by sidelight windows.
This was preceded by two service wings, creating a forecourt with a grilled entrance marked by two round towers.
The entrance to the canal consists of an outer tidal gate opening into a wide basin.
Der Scutt of Der Scutt Architect designed the lobby and entrance renovation.
The building's entrance is shaped as a teepee.
The main entrance is a paneled door set in a plain wooden surround.
The park can be reached by an entrance road four km north of Cardwell on the Bruce Highway.
Just previous to the miner's entrance, Nell's husband had been captured in the saloon by the sheriff.
This, in combination with the Soviet entrance in the war, convinced the Japanese to surrender unconditionally.
Brumidi's Liberty and Union paintings are mounted near the ceiling of the White House entrance hall.
His entrance was watched live by over a million internet viewers.
The entrance gate leads to an outer fortified courtyard or basse-cour.
The entrance of the campus leads to Hadley Hall, the main administrative building.
There is a small chapel at the entrance of the grounds.
The entrance hall at the ground floor is decorated with portraits of the poet.
The library presents in the entrance hall precious stained glass dating from the 16th and 17th centuries.
Students are admitted from each region of the country and are required to pass written and oral (VIVA) entrance exams.
They allowed only one entrance; this is atypical of the time, when rooms commonly had multiple entrances and exits.
The main entrance to the Geodesic Dome is from the auditorium level, and is also accessible from level 4.
Exit 125 could possibly get a southbound exit and a northbound entrance.
Ganesh or Ganpati Temple: Lord Ganesha temple is situated near the entrance of Chaurasi temple, Bharmour.
Part of the structure, perhaps a portion the main entrance, is speculated to be the origin of the London Stone.
It consists of a mainline station and an S-Bahn station, which share an entrance building.
After being denied entrance to the Coco Bongo, he finds a wooden mask near the city's harbor.
According to a 2002 estimate by the INEI, the district has 12,789 inhabitants and a population density of 277.7 persons/km².
One estimate is that between 10,000 and 20,000 people were killed; another 200,000 people were forced to flee their homes.
His CBE and four-bar Polar Medal sold for £132,000 in September 2009, more than double the estimate.
This estimate was reinforced in the early 1970s.
Archaeologists estimate that it had been founded in the late 1400s on the site of iron and copper ore deposits.
Statistics Canada's estimate of the Winnipeg CMA population as of 1 July 2016 is 811,874.
The population estimate of Sindh ibex in kirthar national park is around 13,000.
The Board of Estimate meets every Tuesday after the city council's Wednesday legislative session.
Michael Hudson and Adair Turner estimate that about 80 percent of credit finances real estate purchases, mostly land.
That Full Tilt and Pokerstars accepted a total of $500 million in total player deposits is a conservative estimate.
At age 29, the magazine of the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants mentioned an estimate of £40 million in 2004.
Between 98 and 114 Egyptian aircraft were shot down, though a Soviet estimate notes air losses of 60.
The free-fall time is a very useful estimate of the relevant timescale for a number of astrophysical processes.
Chiweta has an estimate population of 45,000 people.
An early historical estimate of the Muslim population of the then Qing Empire belongs to the Christian missionary Marshall Broomhall.
The estimate is for a copy in very good to fine condition in a like dustjacket.
It has the second highest population estimate of any area of Tamworth, with over six thousand people in 2011.
Analysts estimate that a price of $30 to $40 per barrel is required to make new oil sands production profitable.
Scholars estimate that in ancient Rome an adult consumed a liter of wine daily.
The population of the district according to a 2011 estimate was 1,176,969.
The author presents casualty figures from a wide variety of sources and provides his best estimate.
Player Games is a statistic used to estimate the number of games a player is responsible for.
Modern historians find the latter estimate to be the most credible.
Most encyclopedias and similar sources estimate between 5 and 6 million Baha'is in the world in the early 21st century.
This estimate predicts enhancement of the reflectivity at the reduction of period.
Estimate remained in training as a five-year-old, with the Gold Cup as her objective.
The estimate of the World Romani Union and the Council of Europe is considerably higher (around 400,000).
This estimate was given about a 50% chance of being correct.
The 2011 American Community Survey (ACS) estimate found 470,341 Americans with full or partial Iranian ancestry.
The simple estimate of cardinality obtained using the algorithm above has the disadvantage of a large variance.
He also collaborated with IPCC to develop methodologies to estimate greenhouse gas emissions.
The U.S. census 2015 county population estimate is 245,671.
In modern scholarship, researchers estimate 597 Mexicans were lynched between 1848 and 1928.
The Washington State Office of Financial Management's 2015 estimate placed the population at 13,607.
Bulgarian researchers estimate that 12,000 Banat Bulgarians live in Romania and 3,000 in Serbia.
This estimate was developed by averaging selected estimates — an unorthodox methodology.
The government of Bavaria regards this estimate as too low, mainly because it does not include electrification.
Their estimate includes victims of sexual abuse in addition to men who regularly or voluntarily have sex with men.
The population was 20,547 in 2015 according to a US Census Estimate.
As of 2011 the best estimate is 0.5600 obtained by Shevtsova (2010).
Deals are reported that use the estimate of the full extent of land that the firm expects to utilise.
The final cost was £180,000, more than Jessop's estimate of £155,000, but still much cheaper than a canal.
As of 1992 the proposed cost estimate for Townview was $30 million.
It is possible to estimate the temperature rise across a supercharger by modeling it as an isentropic process.
Wrigley and Schofield estimate 8,664,000 based on birth and death records.
According to one estimate, more than 100 Poles made the pilgrimage during that era.
Try to accurately estimate all the costs that may occur including the hidden ones.
The most widely accepted estimate of the number of dead is about 22,000.
Greg Laughlin, one of the few researchers who knew in advance about this paper, gives an estimate of 68.3%.
Police estimate the homicide occurred approximately five months before the body was discovered.
According to a June 2015 Statistics New Zealand estimate, Bulls has a population of 1,630 inhabitants.
The most advanced of these is Koulékoun with a Mineral Resource estimate of 2.15 million ounces.
Suppose it is desired to estimate the failure rate of a certain component.
Its report, which was not released until 2013, concluded that "as a conservative estimate.
It had a population of 308,756 at the 2010 Census, the latest estimate (for January 2014) is 328,827.
In February 2010, the commission gave a preliminary estimate of $250 million to $500 million for construction alone.
On 1 January 2005, the estimate was 83.
Local NGOs estimate the total number of female prostitutes to be as many as 100,000.
The comet has an observation arc of 362 days allowing a good estimate of the orbit.
Roger Cooper gives an estimate of between 150,000 and 300,000."
Other sources estimate upwards of two thousand congregations, with a large presence in the State of Andhra Pradesh.
In personal dive computers, they produce a real-time estimate of decompression status and display it for the diver.
The estimate terrain elevation above seal level is 3,622 metres (11,883 ft).
Motivation for post-estimate fusion is often consideration of uncertainty management.
Then the function:is known as the likelihood function and the estimate:is the maximum likelihood estimate of.
Voice assessment is necessary to plan and estimate the success of a possible speech therapy.
It represents an estimate of the genetic significance of gonad radiation doses.
For drivers and pedestrians, it may be difficult to estimate how fast a cyclist is moving.
Bent's rule provides a qualitative estimate as to how these hybridised orbitals should be constructed.
Typically, an average amount of fat used on a dish-by-dish basis is used to estimate fat intake.
Dorset County Council estimate that in 2013 the population of the parish was 330.
In some experiments, students were asked to estimate the grade point averages (GPAs) of hypothetical students.
The final population estimate as of April 2014 is 127,136,000, or a return to 2003 levels.
His major work as a scriptural geologist was A Comparative Estimate of the Mineral and Mosaical Geologies, published in 1822.
According to one estimate, 150 MiG-21s are in service.
The population of Chanov is 1,500 - 2,000 (2006 estimate).
Various figures estimate that the ethnic Armenian population in Russia is actually more than 2 million.
The reported results were $0.35 per share above the consensus earnings estimate of $2.34 per share.
For a given value for an estimate of the functionusing kernel method.
Researchers estimate that 3 million slaves were exported out of the Slave Coast bordering the Bight of Benin.
However, it is possible to do some characterization of genetic differentiation and estimate gene flow.
Careful setup and repeated observations can give an estimate that is within about 10 arc seconds of the true meridian.
The most recent common ancestor has been variously estimate at 7.24 million years ago (mya) and 15.71 mya.
The White House office said its estimate was based on sampling from high resolution satellite imagery.
With ABC, a company can soundly estimate the cost elements of entire products, activities and services.
Some genetic studies estimate the colonization of the Americas dates from between 40,000 and 13,000 years ago.
Finite element analysis was used to estimate the maximum bite force of J. monesi.
The estimate of Pandits having fled Kashmir ranges from approximately 100,000 to as high as 800,000.
The minimum proportion is %8 of Izmir population while the maximum estimate is %17.
Others scholars attribute the founding of Brescia to the Etruscans.
Use the command line command dir /ah to display the files with the attribute of hidden.
Eugene O'Curry was the first to attribute the Beatha to Lughaidh, suggesting that Cucoigriche was merely the scribe.
An author or speaker who fails to attribute secondary sources may also violate geneivat da'at.
In application, these patterns are individually assigned to each character attribute to directly affect character growth.
The authors attribute this contradictory finding to the task-dependency of relationships between intellectual performance and these brain regions.
However, Monmohan Chakravarti (1915) and Rajendra Chandra Hazra (1950) both attribute the work to Raghunandana.
Nevertheless, most researchers attribute the derivation of Lezgi to be from the ancient Legi and early medieval Lakzi.
People will attribute responsibility for the event and react emotionally to that event.
In ID3, entropy is calculated for each remaining attribute.
They are said to be an attribute of Saint Matthew, who is furthermore said to be buried at Trier.
He added that most people attribute this as a toy problem, not a Burger King problem.
While some attributes may be uniquely identifying on their own, any attribute can be identifying in combination with others.
Attribute comparison may be vulnerable to forgery.
Some paleontologists attribute these extinctions to the arrival of early humans, who over hunted the local large game.
Attribute scores also determine the eight combat ability scores.
Eadmer credited Anselm with restraining the pope from excommunicating him, although others attribute Urban's politic nature.
In this variant, players are given two cards: the first contains their role, the second an attribute.
Some publications still attribute it to Mozart, often as Piano Sonata No.
Lenses with the model name attribute DG are made by Panasonic under licence.
The fly-whisk is frequently seen as an attribute of both Hindu, Jainism, Daoist, and Buddhist deities.
One approach is to attribute an economic value to the resource.
Some attribute the origins of the custom to a story recorded about a time when the Maharil was the sandek.
The more dice and pips in the rating the better the character is at that skill or attribute.
Textual scholars attribute the description of Gershom to a different source text to the genealogy involving Gershom.
Many attribute the feeling to walking on a walnut.
I.E., recent market research shows that, especially for women, reliability has become an automobile's most desired attribute.
However, its productivity is an attribute of individual nouns and verbs.
Hit distance is based upon striking location, the player's Power attribute, and the Player's Contact attribute.
Miniature Cards support Attribute Information Structure (AIS) in the I²C identification EEPROM.
Different legends attribute the discovery that zebu were edible to the king's servant or to Ralambo himself.
Meteorologists attribute this storm's devastation to the power of the El Nino climate cycle.
It distributes tuples based on the value intervals (ranges) of some attribute.
The ship, shields, and generators are not upgradeable, although the player is given a medium attribute ship.
His elemental attribute is Wind, and his dragon jewel is located on his left ear.
Some sources attribute to him the sanctions against the Vestals.
The dove is an attribute of Saint Remigius, the patron saint of the village church.
B-tree nodes, however, are more economical in space because you don't need to store the color attribute for each node.
Ever continuing success remains a beautiful attribute of the world-renowned firm of Steinway & Sons.
The rapid turnaround time is an attractive attribute of point-of-care testing while patient awaits the results.
Skill and attribute development are dependent on "Titles" and their levels.
Geologists attribute this to hydrogen sulfide seeping from the caldera bottom, forming sulfuric acid in the lake water.
Its most distinctive attribute is its relative immunity: the monsters in the dungeon do not harm it.
The Elasticsearch search engine supports OCC via the version attribute.
In some sections of rural India, people attribute various medicinal properties to the cannabis plant.
The issue is how to account for this sort of agreement in attribute among things.
Rajputs attribute a sword and shield as symbol of Rajput chivalry in every darshan.
Many attribute Manley's victory to attracting business to Ottawa's high tech sector.
In an interview she said: "What I attribute my success?
While some attribute the enophthalmos of Horner's Syndrome to paralysis of the orbitalis muscle, this is inaccurate.
Most observers attribute the rebels' success more to the ineptitude of Chad's government and national army than to outside assistance.
The military background of the organization was a useful attribute in an environment of tyranny and genocide.
The left hand will sometimes hold an attribute, often a scroll or leaf.
They could attribute all the suspicious losses of the autumn to the capabilities of British Huff-Duff.
Sapphie and Luna's magic are examples of the Magical Blue attribute.
When the park operated as Geauga Lake & Wildwater Kingdom, the water park was the park's "highest rated attribute".
Algorithmic requirements differ substantially for relational (attribute) data management and for topological (feature) data management.
The attribute tumtumaniyya was given in the literature to the Himyaritic dialect as a form of mockery.
Using XML namespaces, XML documents may contain element or attribute names from more than one XML vocabulary.
The N-Joi group provided another important attribute.
This is a unique capacity and a powerful attribute to NATINEADS (NATO INtegrated and Extended Air Defense System).
Animist religions often, but not always, attribute gender to spirits considered to permeate the world and its events.
An attribute statement asserts that a subject is associated with certain attributes.
For example, suppose the training data contains a continuous attribute,.
For decades, rumors have circulated which attribute comments regarding Phil Keaggy to a host of guitar icons.
Moreover, desire, according to Samkhya, is an attribute of prakrti and cannot be thought to grow in God.
Advocates of this hypothesis, such as Richard Elliott Friedman, attribute Levi's biblical genealogy to the "Book of Generations".
Similar to the standard column family, sorting is defined by an attribute.
Some accounts attribute his death to poison, but he probably succumbed to pneumonia.
But which attribute is the greater — the attribute of goodness or the attribute of punishment (retribution)?
Other accounts attribute the name to Azim-us-Shaan, the Nayeb-e-Nazim of Dhaka during the early 18th century.
This, combined with early balancing issues, lead to extensive weight loss amongst player avatars which in turn cause attribute penalties.
Other historians point out Minton's strong commitment to his judicial principles as a valuable attribute.
An example of an attribute is (red gear) which means that gear has the attribute red.
XHTML uses XML's built in language-defining functionality attribute.
Some attribute the decline to lower demand of Saris or higher number of imported Saris.
Because the distribution of scores on this attribute is relatively well known it is a highly evaluable attribute.
Sex is a ubiquitous, ancient, and inherent attribute of eukaryotic life.
Consequently it is a false assumption to hold that He has any positive attribute.
Most noticeable was that he did not attribute sexual factors to the conditions of his male patients.
Bowers does not attribute a cameraman for this production, but two possible candidates exist.
Some anti-abortion groups have used the term "post-abortion syndrome" to refer to negative psychological effects which they attribute to abortion.
His attribute is the palm frond, which has been included as a charge in these arms.
However, many scholarly researchers suggests a more gradual and organic development of the rosary, and some attribute it to Bl.
Any probabilities are computed from the attribute counts as needed.
Scan the other table, selecting any rows where the join attribute hashes to an empty entry in the hash table.
An extension-based system known as Annoki was developed to help attribute specific parts of articles to specific authors.
That a given psychological attribute is a continuous quantity is a logically coherent and empirically testable hypothesis.
We could attribute these changes to surrender, devotion, and their involvement in the premie community.
16 or 64 kilobyte address space for display, character shape and display attribute memory (dedicated, separate from system memory).
While navigating the overworld, the player may converse with non-player characters, obtain items, or encounter enemies.
Epstein F, Ransohoff J, Wood-Smith D, Converse JM.
Nimbus Software and Converse Software merged in 2004 to form Nimsoft.
The Eleventh Doctor, upon meeting his previous self, referred to his Converse trainers as "sand-shoes."
Converse R. Lewis, reviewed his troops in farewell to his command at Kearns.
He also introduced the term Ecpathy, the converse of Empathy.
In fact, for any infinite cardinal κ, every κ-Suslin tree is a κ-Aronszajn tree (the converse does not hold).
Objects can have other colors, of course, so, the converse of our statement is false.
This theorem and its converse have various uses.
As the detective and district attorney converse about Billy's case, the movie is told in flashback.
The two of them would converse animatedly with each other in fluent French, to the confusion of those around them.
As a partial converse, Steinitz's theorem states that any 3-vertex-connected planar graph forms the skeleton of a convex polyhedron.
To show the converse, assume local compactness.
Afterwards, Converse turned against Stutts and hit him with his finisher.
Jack modifies the Null Field to target sound, so he can converse with Rex and Esther without being overheard.
Runner uniforms were provided by Levi Strauss with Converse supplying the shoes.
In his visits he would stop by Maytham's store to converse with him.
The aspiring media practitioner now models for Converse and Assets, and represented Ireland at Miss World 2009 in South Africa.
EBL-like techniques have also been applied to surface generation, the converse of parsing.
On the converse, failing to attribute meaning to death leads to more long-term distress for some people.
In the words of Asa Mahan, "The original proposition is called the exposita; when converted, it is denominated the converse.
It is also possible through the rare Priori Incantatem effect to converse with ghost-like "shadows" of magically murdered people.
The multiple access channel is the converse, with several transmitters aiming at sending different data to a single receiver.
Curiosity led them to hear and converse with the master.
Impregnation is, in essence, the converse of extraction.
Converse was already married with children when he married La Marr and was arrested for bigamy the following day.
Disjoint complements are always bands, but the converse is not true in general.
The people here converse well in Tamil, Cantonese, Mandarin and Bahasa Melayu.
Bennet, Claude, and Kaito Nakamura converse in Japanese, and Mr. Nakamura says of the baby, "She belongs to us.
The converse is not true; e.g., a countable discrete space satisfies these three conditions, but is not compact.
They were able to talk and converse.
She appears to him again and they converse about all the events Madge has missed and Daniel's wedding.
Partners and sponsors included Bacardi, Converse and Neocha.com.
All of the wrestlers are wearing Converse shoes.
When Jean arrives, Bateman, unbeknownst to her, holds a nailgun to the back of her head while the two converse.
It is believed that Thad Miller spent most of his childhood in the Converse area.
He also argued that Kripal was unable even to converse in Bengali.
Converse Lake is a 100-acre lake located on the border of Connecticut and New York in the United States.
This unspoken proposition should be inserted after the first proposition and is merely its negative converse.
The Bundesrat could be called together for the preparation of business without the Reichstag, but not the converse.
Edwards tendered his letter of resignation on January 6, 2012 to the Converse County Commission after diagnosis for Alzheimer's disease.
In descending order of land area the grassland is located in Weston, Converse, Campbell, Niobrara, and Crook counties.
Al Barbe was named American South Conference Coach of the Year and Converse District VI Coach of the Year.
In 2012 she performed in Mexico City at the Converse Festival.
Indeed, very weak assumptions suffice to obtain such a kind of converse.
He liked to serve such saints, and to keep their company (Satsang) and to converse with them.
Every outerplanar graph is planar, but the converse is not true: K₄ is planar but not outerplanar.
Roy L. Day Jr., spoke Japanese and was able to converse with some of the North Koreans.
They spoke Pashto among each other but gradually lost their language over time and now converse in Urdu.
So the converse to 1 and 2 above hold true.
The MQF contained living and sleeping facilities as well as communications which the astronauts used to converse with their families.
Every differential surface is a topological surface, but the converse is false.
Most Gibraltarians converse in Llanito, an Andalusian Spanish based vernacular.
He travels to the hometown of the Hamilton's to converse with Maurice Oakley.
Hige likes to converse with girls and to eat, he is quite chubby.
Commander of the garrison, Captain James Converse, successfully repelled the raid despite being greatly outnumbered.
Converse proposed the use of the gender-neutral pronoun, "Thon".
All instruction was given in Latin and students were expected to be able to converse in that language.
Converse-Jackson Township Public Library is a historic Carnegie library building located at Converse, Miami County, Indiana.
One such conversation was written down and later known as Athrabeth Finrod ah Andreth, 'Converse of Finrod and Andreth'.
The entanglement-assisted classical capacity theorem is proved in two parts: the direct coding theorem and the converse theorem.
She then struts across the road and performs her famous matrix move in custom designed Converse heels.
Zumbl was an online chat service where users could converse with strangers anonymously.
The salons allowed people of varying social classes to converse but never as equals.
SQLJ parts 1 and 2 describes the converse possibility to use Java classes (routines and types) from SQL statements.
Semantic completeness is the converse of soundness for formal systems.
The converse is true in dimension 2, but not in higher dimensions.
The Jailor can converse with their jailed target.
In this club, Englishmen and England-educated Peruvians meet and converse in English.
Scott Converse, How the OneNet Started, OneNet.
As Adama and Leoben converse, Adama notices Leoben Conoy's "allergies" getting worse.
But the court did not address the converse of that proposition, namely, that large-lot zoning tends to promote urban sprawl.
Current manufacturers are Altama, Bates, Belleville Boot, McRae, Rocky, Warson Brands/Converse and Wellco.
For many years Converse served as its president.
They also performed as part of the Big Day Out 2009 festival, headlining the Converse Essential stage.
He is without consideration and mercy, unwilling to converse, fanatic and extremist to enforce his opinion on a matter.
It would periodically emerge from the amulet and converse with Pandemonium.
The course also allows students to converse with policymakers, including senators, former congressmen, and White House press secretaries.
Converse is an unincorporated community in Clinton County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Because the converse isn't true, local nonsatiation is a weaker condition.
Her work has been commissioned by such companies as Nike, Converse, Sprint, Target Corp, The Gap and MTV2.
The converse of Schur's lemma is not true in general.
Although the converse statement is not true in general, some special cases are known.
Rosanna, who apparently knows Steve, begins to converse with him while Lisani hangs back.
Parikshit and Dharma converse about the coming of Kaliyuga.
Quite the converse since there are diverse harmonic options in many ragas which can be explored and employed appropriately.
This converse phenomenon is known as "salting in".
Hyperthyroidism may be associated with hypocholesterolaemia via upregulation of the LDL receptor, and hypothyroidism with the converse.
Clients also expected them to be well-read and able to converse and write with wit and elegance.
Converse to selection by sorting, one can incrementally sort by repeated selection.
Even the tabloid owner Dada (Rajpal Yadav) is upset with Jai and disapproves his idea of unraveling the truth.
Brode said that two years later rock and roll would similarly upset the American nation.
Unable to revive him, the girl throws the potion away in her upset.
In addition to the sex scene, the MPAA were also upset with a puppet being eaten alive by sharks.
Duncan attempts to kiss Susanna, but she moves away, which makes him become even more upset.
Durham's leaders were upset and he was rumored to have been disciplined.
When Lee crossed the river untouched on July 14, Lincoln and Stanton were upset.
In the playoffs, the Rangers were upset by the Syracuse Crunch in the first round.
Once everyone is gone she is shown to be physically upset by everything just happened.
As the fifteenth seed, she was upset in the first round by unseeded Francoise Abanda in two tie breaks.
Rictor is upset with the news but forgives Rahne when he learns that she just worries about his soul.
We were quite upset but at that time, it was too late to change it."
Becoming guilty when one acts against justice or upset when someone else acts unjustly.
Mary Moore and her children were extremely close, and Mary and Marianne were especially upset by John's actions.
He is very upset as he had said he wanted to ask her that even before she was his tutor.
Other resistance welding methods include butt welding, flash welding, projection welding, and upset welding.
He upset world #4 Errol Zimmerman at the opening stage, taking a decision.
In a surprise upset at the National Championships, Frater was beaten into second place in the 100 m final.
In a startling upset, Mandell lost the crown when he was KOed by Al Singer in the first round.
Eve is upset and goes to France to sort out her divorce.
Bad employees aren't upset about this, because they get a free ride from the hard work of the good employees.
Business acquaintances are upset because Lash might shut down clubs like theirs if elected DA.
Back at their camp, they see a blonde woman upset over their dead gators.
The foundations of Genoshan society has been upset in recent years due to the efforts of outside mutant interests.
Middlesbrough 3 Chelsea 0 (Premier League, 11 February 2006) (Report)A huge upset that turned heads all over England.
Upset and angry, he leaves and goes on his motorcycle, returning home later that night.
Feinsinger, too, was deeply upset by Wilson's remarks.
It was the biggest surprise upset of the season with LMOB winning the Sevens and grand slam.
Ogle upset Walsh, winning the fight via unanimous decision.
Teddy Bridgewater paces Louisville to stunning upset of Florida.
Unless stopped at once it is likely to upset the friendly relations existing between Australia and England.
Jae-min passes the phone to Soo-jung and In-wook is upset that she stood him up for dinner.
The Titans were upset by losing in the first round to the (Greensboro Whirlies) 35 to 41.
However this upset and aroused suspicions among the Americans.
In 2002, the 24-year-old Reed challenged Representative Sara Steelman for the 62nd legislative district, winning an upset.
Under her guidance, he is able to upset Paulie Mitchell in his next fight, pleasing Papa and Julie both.
Finkel was said to be very upset by this state of affairs.
In the second round, she upset 26th seed Anabel Medina Garrigues.
In the Disney version, she is upset with Tiger Lily that Peter rescued.
The Boov become astonished at Oh's plan, but Smek becomes upset and reminds everyone that he is the captain.
He heads to Berlin, leaving behind an upset Marianna, who tells him not to return ("Paradise").
Resignedly, the upset Baron accepts the romance between his wife and Camille, and the three leave together.
After being beaten up by chav girls, he finds Cassie waiting at his house, upset he had stood her up.
The 1993 renewal saw the biggest upset in Breeders' Cup history when the French-based Arcangues won at odds of 133-1.
In a few cases, gastrointestinal upset, headaches, skin reactions, and dizziness were reported.
However, in an upset, lawmakers chose not Leger as Speaker but New Iberia Republican Taylor Barras.
Chinchillas are social animals and are likely to be upset to have their breeding mate changed in breeding season.
They were upset that Chiang Kai-shek's rule was a personalistic dictatorship and that the Nationalists had ignored their democratic principles.
Several members of the band expressed concern over this version of the song, especially Slash, fearing it would upset Young.
Ravenel upset even more people after he apologized to mentally handicapped people for comparing them to the NAACP.
In a surprising upset, the Knesset elected Katsav, by 63 to 57.
Naomi reiterates that she's doing the right thing, though she seems to be upset about what she's done.
Author Hugh M. Cole mentioned Bouck's platoon in passing, which upset platoon member William James (Tsakanikas).
Leilene got upset but tried not to cry so she would not look emotional.
The girls, except Mandy, are in the dressing rooms and are upset that they are locked in.
In an upset, Yoho managed to unset Stearns, though Oelrich and Jett placed a distant third and fourth, respectively.
Satan, upset at his injury, demands Death to send him to a hell hospital and ignores Sam entirely.
One of Grindstone's foals, Birdstone, upset Smarty Jones to win the 2004 Belmont Stakes.
She upset Martina Hingis to win the women's singles title at the French Open in 1997.
Cole's win was something of an upset.
The Michigan Stadium crowd, sensing a major upset, began screaming and chanting.
Libby and Drew break up, but Steph is upset when Drew admits he still loves Libby.
Marta does not understand the situation and is very angry and upset.
In Houston, previously unbeaten (8-0-1) Rice hosted (6-3-0) Texas Christian (TCU) and was upset, 7-2.
The memory of her father's death begins to upset her studies and her relationships.
Balarama was upset that they had been excluded for the marriage of their cousin Mitravinda.
Alcohol should be avoided, particularly as it can upset the stomach.
In December 2008, the UCR women's basketball team upset the #16-seeded Vanderbilt Commodores.
In the 33rd round, Corinthians lost against América-MG, in a great upset.
Epstein was upset, but Harrison placated him by saying, "He may be late, but he'll be very clean."
Scotland by contrast struggled, only managing draws with both opponents and coming close to being upset in both matches.
Dodd sometimes made unusual substitutions, as on a Saturday in Athens when Georgia Tech was about to be upset.
He then comes back saying that he was upset because his wife just left him and he stays for dinner.
Marshall becomes desperate, and Lily says he's really upset about not getting a new job.
Sinatra became angry during Cohen's explanation and upset the table where Cohen was seated.
They talk, and Jody being upset with her parents, tries to pressure sex on Kenny.
At the French Open, Davenport was upset by the 22nd-ranked Dominique Van Roost in three sets in the first round.
Devastated by this, Rachel departs, too upset to hear Jean's calls for her to come back.
Eventually, JayJay, upset by feeling left out by his friends, decides to commit suicide in a local cavern.
The team was finally defeated in 1909, via an upset by the Dayton Oakwoods in their final game of 1909.
Stan is upset that no one cares about Rosie as a person anymore.
Dellora Gates had long since resigned herself to her husband's all-night poker games, but many times became upset about them.
Galway produced a massive upset, beating Galway lifted their first Bob O'Keefe Cup ever.
However, Bart also becomes upset with anti-Springfield sentiments coming from the neighboring town of Shelbyville.
Li and Sun upset the favourites in Taicang.
Seeing how upset Trevor is about this, Paul asks him to join him in his home town of Leeds.
The play proved vital in Tennessee's upset of South Carolina.
When taking iron supplements, stomach upset and/or darkening of the feces are commonly experienced.
Norris is upset about her affair and does not like Brendan.
The portion that dissolves in base but does not precipitate with acid is γ cellulose.
In some cases a natural disaster (e.g. tsunami, earthquake, massive fire or climate change) may precipitate a collapse.
The cloudiness is due to the fact that the precipitate particles are very small resulting in Tyndall scattering.
When alkali is added to solutions of soluble Fe(III) salts, a red-brown gelatinous precipitate forms.
The precipitate action of the Hospitallers could have caused Richard's whole strategy to unravel.
For the precipitate, a reagent is added until the precipitate stops forming.
By adding a reagent, here ammonia, the calcium will precipitate as calcium oxalate.
In the acidic environment of the bog, a chemical reaction forms insoluble iron compounds which precipitate out.
However, the composition of the precipitate that forms is variable and depends on the chemical and physical conditions used.
Most families of dicot contain tannin-free species (tested by their ability to precipitate proteins).
These phosphates precipitate the solids to the bottom of the boiler drum.
Because of its color, the precipitate of kermesite was used as a coloring agent and in alchemy.
The stories and the attention they garnered off campus helped precipitate the resignation of university President Richard Van Horn.
The precipitate is washed with hot water (5x 10 ml) and dried over CaCl₂.
In contrast, many common ions give insoluble salts, e.g. halides precipitate with silver, and sulphate precipitate with barium.
He applied a current of electricity to precipitate the salts of various metallic poisons from a prepared solution.
Potassium and sodium salt by-products tend to precipitate from solution and can be removed.
When the reaction occurs in a liquid solution, the solid formed is called the 'precipitate'.
Belichick was also accused of maintaining a relationship with former Giants receptionist Sharon Shenocca, which helped precipitate her divorce.
Some patients become hyperirritable and combative, which can precipitate accidents or even assaultive behaviour.
Any solid precipitate was pumped out and transported for off-site disposal, while the liquid was reused in the conditioning process.
It is based on the reduction of copper(II) acetate to copper(I) oxide (Cu₂O), which forms a brick-red precipitate.
Reduction of this platinum(II) species with alkaline ethanol in the presence of excess triphenylphosphine affords the product as a precipitate.
Precipitation: If a reaction produces a solid, a precipitate will form during the titration.
However the addition of hydrochloric acid to Ovoferrin produces a well-known color and precipitate of Prussian blue.
Asses fill his thoughts and even precipitate black-outs, during which he commits terrible acts of bottom-pinching.
Iron precipitate is also caked thickly along the stream.
It is then a simple matter for her to bring about a reconciliation and precipitate the ceremony.
Bordiga's entrance to the party in 1949 was to precipitate the formation of opposition 'blocks'.
This produces a gel-like precipitate that can then be dried in air.
Silver nitrate reacts with iodate to form the precipitate of silver iodate, and the precipitate is transferred to silver nitrate.
The suspended load of the detritus will precipitate.
Whisky can be "chill filtered": chilled to precipitate out fatty acid esters and then filtered to remove them.
Walpole was not consulted and stated that Townshend was "too precipitate" in his actions.
Most particularly, this art can identify the single person whose death would precipitate a societal change.
This action, known as the Chesapeake-Leopard Affair, helped precipitate the War of 1812.
In Phase II the pH of the effluent is raised again and additional metals precipitate.
This precipitate action led to protests from the consuls of Toulouse, and Roland left the city soon afterwards.
Either a precipitate of barium or evidence of radiopacity indicates a fistula.
Production of a greenish precipitate was an indication of the presence of tannins.
Xerostomia, also known as dry mouth syndrome, can precipitate dysgeusia because normal salivary flow and concentration are necessary for taste.
One kg of CuSO₄ actually requires only 0.225 kg of chemically pure hydrated lime to precipitate all the copper.
Both of these are oxidized in aqueous solution and precipitate in even mildly elevated pH as iron(III) oxide.
Lucullus' reaction was an attack that was so precipitate that he took Tigranes by surprise.
Electrolysis of bismuth(III) oxide in hot concentrated alkali solution gives a scarlet red precipitate of bismuth(V) oxide.
Seawater is pumped through the condenser section to cool the vapour sufficiently to precipitate it.
The eggs of macroinvertebrates and fish are also smothered by the precipitate.
The moments of exhaustion might consequently precipitate an inversion in the thematic flux.
The precipitate will dissolve back into solution.
Football rivals and political adversaries from the Balkans all precipitate conflict and amusing situations.
Raynor allegedly began talking about a "divorce" of the two merged unions in order to precipitate just such an outcome.
When tested at 998 K, a δ-phase precipitate begins forming which consist of Ni₃(Nb, Mo) in a orthorhombic crystal structure.
In sufficient concentration it will cause protein, DNA and RNA to precipitate out of solution.
In the refining of zinc, solutions of zinc sulfate are treated with lime to co-precipitate heavy metals such as barium.
The formation of a brominated phenol in form of a white precipitate indicates that the unknown was a phenol.
It also helped precipitate the Wars of the Three Kingdoms, during which the Scots carried out major military interventions.
Tutton's salts containing magnesium with fluoroberyllate are difficult to produce, as the solutions tend to precipitate insoluble MgF₂.
Metal salts can be used at low concentrations to precipitate enzymes and nucleic acids from solutions.
The slightest inadvertence can precipitate him who crosses this bridge into the abyss.
Aqueous solutions of nickel sulfate reacts with sodium carbonate to precipitate nickel carbonate, a precursor to nickel-based catalysts and pigments.
Filtration: Collect thorium phosphate precipitate during filtration of neutralized monazite solution.
After neutralization, only the zinc stays in solution while germanium and other metals precipitate.
Diazepam should not be administered if a precipitate has formed and does not dissolve.
Sodium hydrosulfide (NaHS) is added (along with some metallic cobalt as a catalyst) to precipitate nickel sulfide (NiS).
Initially at low antigen concentration, all of the antibody is contained in the precipitate.
This would precipitate a brutal counter-reaction, with capitalists preserving their power by discarding democracy and instituting a brutal repressive regime.
This split would eventually precipitate the Fall of Numenor.
It is a precipitate of the scientific and cultural lag of centuries and millenia of human experience.
The organogelators precipitate out as fibers, forming a 3-dimensional network which then immobilizes the apolar solvent to produce organogels.
Granulomatosis with polyangiitis is one of the autoimmune conditions that may precipitate hearing loss.
Precipitate formation is useful in the detection of the type of cation in a salt.
Together they can form an insoluble precipitate which blocks the distal part of the nephrons.
Calcium carbonate dissolved into water may precipitate out where the water discharges some of its dissolved carbon dioxide.
Reactions conducted in DMSO are often diluted with water to precipitate or phase-separate products.
They are contraindicated in variant angina and can precipitate heart failure.
These compounds slowly precipitate on the surface.
Without sufficient force of gravity (settling) to bring the solid particles together, the precipitate remains in suspension.
The positive metal ions are pulled toward the cathode, where they catch electrons and precipitate as a compact metal film.
If a white precipitate forms, Zinc is present.
This leaves uranium-238 bonded to fluorine and allows uranium-235 metal to precipitate from the solution.
This test is used to precipitate the ion present as almost all carbonates are insoluble.
This produces a solid neutralisation precipitate containing largely calcium sulfate, basic iron(III) arsenate and iron(III) hydroxide.
An alcian blue solution with a precipitate should be discarded and replaced, not filtered and used.
Neutralisation frequently produces a precipitate that will require treatment as a solid residue that may also be toxic.
However, lack of forewarning, combined with caution over upsetting Japan needlessly with precipitate actions, prevented the plans from being implemented.
He was extremely cool-headed and patient with the more precipitate of the Cherokees around him.
The bile salts precipitate in the immediate neighbourhood of the colony, causing the medium surrounding the colony to become hazy.
Black also found that when bubbled through an aqueous solution of lime (calcium hydroxide), it would precipitate calcium carbonate.
At low temperatures the carbon will diffuse more sluggishly and may precipitate before it can leave the bainitic ferrite.
The municipal consolidation would also precipitate greater physical connections between the boroughs.
The use of the term is likely to have encouraged cohabiting couples to believe falsely that they enjoyed legal rights.
It has an additional use in gastric variceal obliteration as a dilutant that does not affect polymerization of cyanoacrylate.
It joined the Brisbane tuff culvert and is still in use.
Because of segregation, his skills were never put to use.
The Western use of yuri has broadened in the 2000s, picking up connotations from the Japanese use.
The Government still declares its intention to continue to use it as the basis for funding the three devolved governments.
This may affect its proper use in text, and who has permission to use the template.
His team pioneered the use of GRACE for remote sensing of groundwater storage changes.
The following are a few examples selected to illustrate the variety in use today.
Some equipment adapted for use in paediatric radiology includes:Artificial Windows / light panelsPositioning equipment such as sponges, weights.
The Hadley Fund Endowment Charter and Terms of Use.
To use the other seat, a VT switch must be initiated.
The Japanese even use their cell phones to do grocery shopping.
These propagating waves of cilia are what allow the organism to use the cilia in a coordinated manner to move.
Applications could also use simplified higher-level objects rather than directly call methods on the engines.
Its main use is for fresh eating.
The CNT was the first to use this technology for its stations and affiliates starting in 1999.
Erlang has found some use in fielding MMORPG servers.
He specifically praised the puzzles for making use of real-world objects and the story for feeling emotional.
He turned to Zev to use his connections on Capitol Hill, and it was done.
The effect of preventive use is not clear.
The Mashantucket Pequot decided to use gambling as a revenue generator to support other economic development and welfare programs.
Gamification, the use of game mechanics to make tasks more fun, is used to encourage community engagement on SCN.
It was a hairstyle that remained in constant use even when fashion changed.
The stable costs were paid to the use of the defendant by way of necessity, and therefore constituted unjust enrichment.
Boletini intended to use Montenegro as a base for incursions into Ottoman Albania.
The company started to produced optical glass during the early 1940s for military use.
Maspero published other testimonies on Algeria, including investigations of the use of torture by the French Army, also censored.
Rasterization systems generally use a transformation stack to move the stream of input vertices into place.
Especially people who often use them for various purposes.
The government planned to use some of the residential blocks as social housing.
The other mineral found in large quantities, conveniently with a commercial use, is shale.
Before the liturgical reform, black was the ordinary color for funeral Masses; in the revised use, several options are available.
Academic critics have pointed out that pseudoarchaeologists typically neglect to use the scientific method.
Glider pilots use GNSS Flight Recorders to log GNSS data verifying their arrival at turn points in gliding competitions.
Dougherty shares a performance arts center and aquatics center with the city of San Ramon under a joint-use agreement.
Part of the Chatham Docks site is being regenerated as "Chatham Waters", a mixed-use development scheme promoted by Peel.
MOD and TOD are recording formats for use in digital tapeless camcorders.
Thetford Hill State Park is a day-use state park in Thetford Hill State Forest in Thetford, Vermont.
Those who are actively certified as a registered respiratory therapist are permitted to use the post-nominal letters "RRT".
Kal Tire also carries and services industrial-use tires for equipment such as forklifts, excavators and tracked vehicles.
The player can also make use of several weapons of opportunity, such as fire extinguishers.
In Maine, fence views use their judgement to determine if a fence is legal and sufficient.
Substances can leave particles during consumer use, for example into the air where they can be inhaled or ingested.
Smiley is able to use this irregularity against Karla, forcing him to defect to the West.
Equally important as the use or lack of symbolism in algebra was the degree of the equations that were addressed.
Brand is reluctant to do this, but they use his own words against him, and he gives in.
The Government of the Netherlands donated US$370,000 for use in the relief efforts following the storm.
The Hive use superior numbers to overwhelm their opponents in close quarters while more elite units attack from a distance.
Without the use of that confession, it is unlikely that there is sufficient evidence to retry him.
Additionally, the eastern perimeter track for the aircraft has been adapted for use as a local road.
Certain breweries, however, maintained the smoked beer tradition by continuing to use malt which had been dried over open flames.
For media, CS networks use Pulse-code modulation (PCM), while IMS uses Real-time Transport Protocol (RTP).
Also many buildings in the compound show use of textiles or evidence of textiles being made in the building itself.
Some dog handlers use trade secrets to trim and style a dog for the show ring.
Of the controls, he wrote "at times the movements don't seem to register properly unless you use exaggerated gestures."
Nowadays, only the older generation of Ilocanos use the Spanish system.
It makes repeated use of Euclidean division.
In order to test effects within an omnibus test, researchers often use contrasts.
It is also available for use by other institutions for seminars.
In 2007, the terminal's use changed to pilgrimage and charter flights.
In December 2004 the School Board decided to retain the use of corporal punishment.
This is done through the use of materials that readily form stable compounds with active gases.
After the war Shinano Maru reverted to civilian use, being scrapped in 1951.
Membership in OCLC is based on use of services and contribution of data.
Numerical solutions use a mesh of the structure to perform the simulation.
The Sugpiaq (Alaska) also use it for bandages, and as a hot compress in medicinal steam baths.
In common use, "cane" may refer to any plant with a long, thin stem.
Many modern offset presses use computer-to-plate systems as opposed to the older computer-to-film work flows, which further increases their quality.
Kennedy Park is a large, multi-use park in Hayward, California, managed by the Hayward Area Recreation and Park District (HARD).
They are the only ones that use Glock pistols (Glock 17 type).
The same developer also maintains a JavaScript (nodejs) tool to automate packaging Android apps for use with ARC.
Despite the great deal of attention the system has received, very few publications successfully derive (or use) the full dynamics.
Edison made effective use of metaphors when picturing his inventions.
Even by that definition, the use of four wheels instead of two raises doubts.
Anti-Christian and anti-Jewish passages remained in grade school textbooks that use rhetoric that were little more than hate literature.
These regional accounts use a common unit of measurement, which allows comparisons to be made between different natural capital assets.
In the early 1890s, bookcases were purchased for use in each classroom.
Instead, it should put the lands to their "highest and best use."
In lower limb surgery there have also been reports of successful use of perforator flaps.
Because the shore and breakwater are disconnected, it is necessary to use a boat to reach it.
The HM in the name indicates that these lenses use high-modulation glass elements.
Nowadays Gorodets craftsmen use similar imagery and motifs in their works.
They also use visual stimuli (such as the mother's face and the breast's areola) and auditory (the mother's voice).
The technique was in widespread use in Athenian Democracy and Renaissance Florence and is still used in modern jury selection.
She remained at Nikolayev throughout the Russian Civil War, of no use to either side.
The BS 4573 socket is suitable for use in dry areas only, so is rarely used in a stand-alone form.
Use of buses around the world has also been influenced by colonial associations or political alliances between countries.
Another concept of sample-return mission from Phobos and Deimos is OSIRIS-REx 2, which would use heritage from the first OSIRIS-REx.
Supportive in vitro experiments prior to the use in animals or humans are therefore recommended.
This category of chip has grown dramatically with the increased use of 3G cell phones and other portable technologies.
Wood derivatives can also be used for kinds of flooring, for example laminate flooring.
Spot UV varnish onto matte laminate can also have a similar effect.
Lee also set up a copper-clad laminate factory in Dongguan for Meadville.
The machines used to laminate, waterproof, and join the individual bamboo bikes are state-of-the-art.
Hugo Junkers first explored the idea of a honeycomb core within a laminate structure.
Part of lower wings and chemicals tanks were made of a laminate to avoid corrosion.
Vacuum pressure is used to drive resin into the laminate.
Once sealed together, the glass "sandwich" (i.e., laminate) behaves as a single unit and looks like normal glass.
On May 5, 2010, the album was made available for pre-order with a T-shirt, poster, and signed laminate.
The laminate melts and becomes part of the paper, sealing the pages but letting it remain flexible and readable.
Blackout fabric consists of a laminate that sandwiches an opaque layer between two white exterior layers.
The laminate not only cemented the sheets together, but also filled in any empty spaces between the sheet.
It increases manufacturability by minimizing ply drops, identifying laminate transition add/drop boundaries, and defining ply shapes.
Adhesive felt pads are often placed on the feet of furniture on laminate floors to prevent scratching.
Where desirable, wood, foam, or honeycomb cores are embedded into the laminate to create a sandwich structure.
J-B WELD can be used as an adhesive, laminate, plug, filler, sealant, or electrical insulator.
The wood can be either solid or laminate.
More than 100 people were employed at the plant, which produced hardwood underlayment for vinyl, plywood and laminate flooring.
These asbestos boards have generally been replaced by a laminate for health and safety reasons.
The laminate blade is deeply divided into linear segments and is yellowish brown with large digitate segments.
The plastic in laminate designs also provides resistance to impact from physical assault from blunt and sharp objects.
The application can carry out laminate analyses including calculation of laminate stiffness, stress, strain, and failure.
Micarta industrial laminate sheet is a hard, dense material made by applying heat and pressure to layers of prepreg.
The traditional Finnish flatbow is made either from ash, or as birch/pine laminate glued together with fish or hide glue.
Polyurethane laminate (PUL) is a compound fabric made by laminating a cloth fabric to a thin film of polyurethane.
These include new stainless steel appliances, granite marble counter tops, laminate flooring, and wooden cabinets.
Composite epoxy materialFR-4, epoxy-fiberglass PC board laminate for printed circuit boards, which has largely replaced micarta for the purpose.
For the restoration of the folios after the removal of the laminate, an innovative parchment leafcasting technique was developed.
Construction is a laminate of fibreglass with a 12mm end-grain balsa core.
In some newer styles, off threadline aramid yarns, are also laid into the laminate.
The floor is covered with laminate hardwood flooring.
Thin walled beams are particularly useful when the material is a composite laminate.
Overprinting of the laminate was added in 1981 to make removal easier to spot.
Majic laminate flooring offers the timeless hardwood look at a more affordable price point.
Maica Laminates Sdn Bhd is the first high-pressure laminate (HPL) manufacturer in Malaysia.
Westermann experimented with all manner of wood, metal, laminate, synthetic materials such as rubber, and more.
Adhesives are used as the bonding medium for creating a laminate.
Maximum use is made of plastic-foil laminate pouches, and most items can be eaten without further preparation.
Examples of laminate materials include melamine adhesive countertop surfacing and plywood.
Pioneer work on composite laminate thinthin walled beams was done by Librescu.
Economical boards comprise paper, plastic, or laminate, which can easily be folded away and stored.
There are different types of CEMs:CEM-1 is low-cost, flame-retardant, cellulose-paper-based laminate with only one layer of woven glass fabric.
Every person in the crowd had a laminate.
However, many laminate surfaces and ceramic topped stoves are easily damaged by these abrasive compounds.
This was mostly achieved by the sale of many business units, including the laminate business and all North American activities.
The demisters were located on the edge of the rack within a laminate strip.
Woodworking applicationsIn commercial woodworking facilities, vacuum bags are used to laminate curved and irregular shaped workpieces.
The laminate encapsulation material was durable ETFE, high light-transmissive polymer.
It is generally known as being made of 100% wood, usually without particle board or laminate.
Depending upon the stacking sequence of the individual layers, the laminate may exhibit coupling between inplane and out-of-plane response.
Pergo is the most widely known laminate flooring manufacturer, but the trademark PERGO is not synonymous for all laminate floors.
Laminate flooring is available in many different patterns which can resemble different woods or even ceramic tile.
Because of the smartcard circuitry laminate in between, it is not recyclable.
The polyethylene side of such a laminate appears dull and the PET side shiny.
The company produces laminate flooring, vinyl, linoleum and flooring.
These were the first to have a laminate built into the document.
The company manufactures particleboard, medium density fibreboard, laminate flooring, resins for wood-based panels and oriented strand board.
These use polyethylene-coated liquid packaging board and sometimes a foil laminate.
Laser resist ablation Spray black paint onto copper clad laminate, place into CNC laser plotter.
The engine drives a two-bladed counter-clockwise rotating, variable pitch, wood and fiberglass laminate propeller.
It is generally made of either a plywood laminate or aluminum with a rubber laminate.
The landing gear was Ash word laminate with birch veneer.
The laminate sails are available in two cuts to suit different sailors.
In 2001, an estimated 50 million kilograms of fibreglass laminate were used in wind turbine blades.
These repairs are made by following the simple guidelines indicated for laminate or sandwich panels.
Laminate flooring is often made of melamine resin, a compound made with formaldehyde.
It is also important to keep laminate relatively dry, since sitting water/moisture can cause the planks to swell, warp, etc.
NEMA is the regulating authority for FR-4 and other insulating laminate grades.
In 1973 there started series production of laminate gliders.
Another major employer manufactures laminate flooring which is sold throughout Europe.
At the time there were 16 competitors in the decorative laminate industry, including Formica, which held 65% of the market.
This is an issue because crack formation and propagation can create unpredictable behavior in the laminate.
These rocks are regarded as metamorphosed sediments containing a laminate of graphite, mica quartz-sericite and sericite schists.
Some types of flooring must not be installed below grade, including laminate and hardwood due to potential damage from moisture.
Specialty fabrics such as hemp, bamboo terry, bamboo velour, soy French terry, wool interlock and polyurethane laminate (PUL).
Workers roll out the spray-up to compact the laminate.
An example is a laminate of thin alternating layers of aluminum and nickel, commercially available as NanoFoil.
Their acoustics were all laminates (meaning they had a laminate top, back, & sides.
Flooring includes hardwood, laminate, and carpet options.
The company built maple laminate propellers for engines of 65 to 260 hp (48 to 194 kW).
Personal data was recorded on the inner rear cover of the passport, which was covered with a security laminate.
There are many benefits to choosing a laminate floor over other types of flooring.
The flooring sections have heating, electrical and plumbing connections pre-installed before they are finished with laminate, tile or hardwood.
Laminate may be more durable than hardwood, but cannot be refinished like hardwood.
Its products include a wide variety of beds, mattresses, carpets, laminate flooring, vinyl flooring and rugs.
This aluminium-glass-fibre laminate is lighter and has better corrosion and impact resistance than conventional aluminium alloys used in aviation.
The mold and laminate become separated from the circulating HTF by a flexible membrane.
Also, the laminate is still breathable which means that it will not trap body heat.
An automated laminating system that applies the adhesive to both the substrate and laminate.
An option is to make and laminate a permanent ink duplicate of the image.
This is typically Norman, with round-headed windows and much chevron ornament.
It features hand carved ornament on the main cornice, the porches, and the dormer.
Change to Japan F SPORT Package includes new dark rose interior colour, medium silver ornament panel.
In architectural structure and in ornament, the gate was influenced by the pre-existing Propylon (the entrance to the Imperial Sanctuary).
The provenance of the standing Bodhisattva with triple head ornament is unknown.
Brilliants are mounted to each of four ends of the ornament.
The outside circle bears an ornament formed from three evenly spaced groups of curved bars.
Her bow ornament is preserved at the Laboe Naval Memorial.
In the center most models of these rides have a triangle center ornament with lights.
It is a Victorian, 1½-story structure with a "gable roof, clapboard with scalloped shingles in gable ends, stickwork peak ornament".
He works with the simplest ornament, consisting of wavy lines, broken arches or loops.
The latter cross was removed here from Lanlivery and has some curious incised ornament.
Herbie will be retired after the 2016 season and be replaced by whoever is on the 2017 ornament.
In fact, there is no symbolic dress or ornament which can differentiate a married Halam from an unmarried one.
In each chamber is a central octagonal stone table, carved with up-to-date Renaissance ornament.
Cap hooks have a hook behind the ornament, where it is invisible in use.
CWAAS extra series XXXIIMary C Fair "Romanesque beakhead ornament in Cumberland".
The Jewel Ornament of Liberation p. ix (Preface).
The Memorial Tower and the Provosts Tower are decorated with carved limestone ornament by Edward Maene.
The grave goods included earthenware pottery, a ceramic spindle whorl and hair ornament, a stone celt and shell artifacts.
Fancy Feast annually releases a limited edition ornament during the Christmas holiday.
There is a mock sepulcural recess in the north wall of the chancel with cusping and crocket ornament.
The red cord would also have an ornament of green, blue, and red feathers.
The grille header bar and hood ornament/trim strip were deleted in the process.
The 1971 Monte Carlo also saw the addition of a stand-up hood ornament.
A-Chan picks up the plush toy, and Kashiyuka opens the briefcase to witness a small gold ornament.
The style of the miniatures is characterized by brilliant colour and exuberant acanthus ornament.
Norman mouldings are carved or incised with geometric ornament, such as chevron patterns, frequently termed "zig-zag mouldings", around arches.
The exterior of the edifice is plain, and almost devoid of ornament.
The concrete ornament is a likeness of the town of Trumbull official seal.
Few motifs are voluntarily displayed: an elaborate ornament above the entry gate and five eyebrow dormers on the roof.
It is also one of the best examples of his use of ornament."
In 1984, the hood ornament was removed and the Chrysler Pentastar moved to the grille.
Every year more than 150 filigree artisans are engaged in making backdrop and ornament design.
The musician may freely stretch or compress its rhythm, and often will highly ornament each note.
Its architectural style is mixed, with elements of Italian Gothic and French Renaissance styles together with "Victorian incised ornament".
These trees and river looked like an ornament; hence the name Arni.
In 1992, the National Park Service permitted the first National Christmas Tree ornament to be produced.
The top roof stone serves as an ornament or finial.
This House was a reinterpretation of Palladio's Villa Capra, but purified of 16th century elements and ornament.
Venantius Fortunatus described the Bishop as virtuous and charitable, and an "ornament of bishops".
We are going to discard entirely all ornament.
In 1860, the gallery and ornament were removed from the spire and pinnacles were removed from the tower.
She wears a hair ornament shaped like a fish.
In music, an "ornament" is a decoration to a melody, bassline or other musical part.
Pearl shell ornament decorated with incised images of Australian flora and fauna, made by Butcher Joe Nangan.
However, a jade ornament will appear more brilliant and transparent if good fortune lies ahead.
Irda copper plate addresses king Rajyapala with the epithet of Kamboja-Vamsa-Tilaka (i.e. the ornament of the Kamboja family).
He was much influenced by Song poetry with its directness and lack or ornament.
The lovesick Shiva went to Himalaya's abode disguised as an ornament seller and sold shell ornaments to Parvati.
Inside, another strange ornament hangs from the ceiling in the middle of a hallway.
Finn returns to the school, disposing of the ornament and the clothes he was wearing.
Iron, Ornament and Architecture in Victorian Britain: Myth and Modernity.
At the same time, the unwritten laws against ornament began to come into serious question.
During her visits she studies their "decorative traditions" and the cultural significance of ornament.
Six decorative relief panels ornament the upper portion of the structure.
The garment varied in fineness, colour and ornament.
If you don't like his ornament, you should be listening to someone else.
The roofline was generally clear of ornament except for a balustrade or the top of a pediment.
So we conclude that it was placed in position in these rooms for ornament and decoration.
The building, though castle-like, is not truly castellated although some of the windows are surmounted by crennelated ornament.
She rapidly became one of the most respected actresses in France, and "the ornament of every fashionable drawing-room of Paris".
Kapp jokingly presented Mosca with an ornament flower he had picked at his table.
The epitome of this style became glazed facade with Bashkir ornament, looking at the Belaya River.
The boundary with the teleoconch is indicated by a rather sudden disappearance of the ornament.
Additionally, there are more complex techniques including snaps, slaps, pops and rolls that are used to ornament the basic rhythm.
Some Puritans objected to all ornament and sought to abolish choirs, hymns, and, inasmuch as liturgy itself was rejected, devotionals.
Furniture is about a woman becoming an ornament to her partner.
The bridge fencing has a quay ornament.
Designed without verandahs, the facade of the southeast shop was distinguished by arched windows and greater use of render ornament.
This included a shield ornament containing an Assyrian style subject of lions and men being trampled.
In 2005 Starr was arrested in Seattle for vandalism after he was caught pulling the hood ornament off a car.
In the Classic style, a shell serves as his ear ornament.
In October, they won bronze at the 2015 Mordovian Ornament, their ISU Challenger Series (CS) debut.
For ornament, French and Flemish Northern Mannerist decoration was more influential than Italian.
The reinforced concrete gables do not carry any ridge but acts as an ornament to the tower's base.
In birds, wattles are often an ornament for courting potential mates.
Notable features of that style in the Lake George post office are the brick facing, eagle ornament and symmetrical fenestration.
On the last folio 112 verso it contains a grotesque twisted dragon ornament (in red and white coils).
Forty-eight different types and 2,200 sets of dougong support and ornament the structures within the Bao'en Temple complex.
His ornament prints were very innovative, seeming to look forward to the Rococo.
Because of this ornament, the building is sometimes referred to as the "Beehive Building."
Many other gates in Javanese traditional buildings have this kind of ornament.
The silver spaceship is, or strongly resembles, the hood ornament of a 1955 Chevrolet.
They are large, and appear alternately in red or blue with pen ornament of the other color.
It is essentially vernacular in style, with ornament limited to the brackets support the hip-roofed hood extending across the front.
He appeared at two CS events, placing 4th at the 2015 Mordovian Ornament and winning the 2015 Warsaw Cup.
To the right of the stair is a very fine corner cupboard with a large carved shell ornament.
The range and complexity of ornament increased with time, against a backdrop of decreasing organism size.
He continued to ornament churches and convents of Rome during the reign of Pope Clement VIII.
Habré fled to Sudan, vowing to resume the struggle.
As of January 30, 2009 development was halted with no plans to resume its development.
As Thomas had begun writing for film and television, he did not resume his teen detective idea for several years.
When KTEQ failed to resume its broadcasts within a year, the station lost its broadcast license in September 2001.
Once CNN resumed regular programming, Chung requested that CNN resume broadcasting her show as soon as possible.
In 2011, citing economic concerns, the County permitted the annual signature event to fully resume.
She reunites with M.E., and the two quickly resume their close friendship.
Before he could resume work on his feature projects he died on 11 November 1959.
Peter tried to flee, but Morlun was able to find him easily and resume the fight.
Countries like Germany permit the staying in a vehicle as long as the driver can resume driving when necessary.
She then headed back to Pearl Harbor to resume shuttling cargo and landing craft between Hawaii and the west coast.
Eventually returning to white society, Scalphunter abandoned his old alias to resume a normal life as Brian Savage.
Afterwards, Chinese blind deaf-mute Association immediately returned to work and to resume the publication of the blind Monthly.
After Ben makes progress, Anne and Caitlin resume the grudge and Billy is forced to choose between them.
She has some of Carson's inspirational biography, and some of Trump's business acumen/resume."
The Confederates intended to resume the attack in the morning.
Following the Utes' 2015 win, no further meetings have been scheduled, and it is unclear when the rivalry will resume.
As luck would have it, Marjorie and her crew have returned to resume filming.
Beatty also has an extensive resume of actual comic book projects.
Any actress today would be lucky to have a fraction of her films on her resume."
Filming for this project will resume in New York City in 2017.
Charles I was compelled to call the Short Parliament in 1640, allowing protest to resume political channels.
However, Kurasuniigo reemerged from the water to resume his mission.
Dinger and Rother sealed the master reels with wax, intending to resume sessions at a later date.
Publication of Chronicle of Current Events was suspended in the fall of 1972 and would not resume until 1974.
In the GATE offices, Trishanne returns to resume her cover only to discover the hostage situation.
After the Romans departed, systematic construction of paved highways in the UK did not resume until the early 18th century.
The brushes immediately resume their descent, and the cycle is repeated until each canvas is covered in paint.
Whenever the cloud cover broke, cast and crew rushed to resume filming abandoning their food packets.
Karl and Tanya decided to resume their relationship and a normal life.
Glaeser tried to resume writing after the war, but did not produce any important works.
Because his resume was so exaggerated, it angered other contestants who were given criticism on their resumes.
The decision was taken to resume the defence infrastructure construction.
But Sultan Ahmed III didn't resume the war with Russia.
Despite positive reports from the pilots, and a proposal by Fiat to resume production, no further aircraft were produced.
Without armor support, the 47th Army could not resume the offensive.
Finsch resigned as curator of the museum in 1878 in order that he could resume his travels.
Five years later they moved to Sydney where Kirkpatrick decided to resume her acting career.
The train retreated, thus allowing the Poles to resume their advance.
The band was rumored to resume recording in June or July.
On that same night, the storyline involving the faux retirement was concluded by granting him permission to resume his career.
She did not resume riding until 1950 but, soon after, her talents were spotted at horse show in Berlin.
Sports began to resume once more with a limited schedule.
Within two days he was able to take physical exercise and returned home to resume work on his latest novel.
That night, Duncan tells Jessica that she needs to return to New York to resume her psychiatric treatment.
As a result of continuing rain, and an intervening Sunday, play did not resume for another 5 days.
In 2003, Iceland proposed to resume research whaling after a 14-year interruption.
Flight testing did not resume, as it was realised that the tailboom was not strong enough to allow safe flying.
After local operations out of Lakehurst for the remainder of 1932, Akron was ready to resume operations with the fleet.
Work did not resume on the GN-Bahn until 1926.
Furiously researching the technology they had restrained, they found in Tesla's theories an opportunity to resume their thrones.
Normal programming would not resume until the transmission of an Emergency Action Termination message (SAME code: EAT).
He returned to Nanjing to resume his job as minister.
Only the Madeira region could continue its work; it helped the organization to resume activities in 1952.
Additionally, there was widespread fear in the country that Taylor would resume the war if he lost.
Trading will resume as soon as MTN Group Limited has issued a Sens announcement."
They decide to stay the night and resume hunting Donna in the morning.
He lived there a year and then walked back to Pennsylvania to resume an occupation as a woodchopper.
Michael decided to resume the search for information on his father, River Baldwin.
Paul wrote to the Roman Christians in order to give them a substantial resume of his theology.
Last instar larvae leave the tube and resume feeding on the terminal leaf or shoot, again forming a tube.
Clayton remained in the position until March 31, 2015 when he retired leaving Ergen to resume the post.
The routes follow Intervale Road briefly before making a left turn to resume onto Parsippany Boulevard.
Tomorrow, we will resume the battle from another trench, now protected by more benevolent signs.
First, we cannot afford not to resume the war.
Mark departs from Shanghai and Coco and Tian Tian resume living together.
However, the two soon resume their relationship with each other.
Tolman, who mostly worked in Chicago theater, only had three credits on her resume when she auditioned for the role.
However, due to a loophole, he is permanently released from prison and free to resume his life with Sam.
In 2013, BOL partnered with Elancers to create a resume database on the BOL Empregos page.
If the situation calmed, they could resume their journey to Kentucky.
During the pastoral visit on 17 August of the same year he ordered work to resume.
Hans signs a contract agreeing to these facts and stipulating that they should resume their original social positions immediately.
He subscribed in 1570 a testimonial requesting that Cartwright might be allowed to resume his lectures.
Throughout the 1990s he slowly regained sufficient control of the condition to resume work.
When it loses its leaves and flowers appear, more frequent watering should resume.
The PTC workers were given a deadline of 12:01 a.m. on August 7 to resume their work.
Both would take time away to work on other projects, and resume work on the album fresh.
Chief Whitney mentions that Nenshi's negotiations has warmed relationships and influenced the nation's decision to resume negotiations.
He returned to Queensland in 1954 to resume his career at the Bar.
EU Commissioner Louis Michel likewise called for the TFG and ICU to resume talks in Khartoum.
Plant director Musa Magomedov said it would be incredibly difficult to resume gas production were the factory's generators shut down.
Corbett awoke after surgery and was cleared to resume power approximately 85 minutes after going under.
June 1, 1935: Full page Sunday strips resume, now in color, until Herriman's death.
She constantly tries to build an impressive resume.
Despite Laura's efforts to abandon her former ways, the two resume their squabble, and Tracy again, with finality, drops dead.
When Gatsby and Daisy resume their love affair, Nick serves as their confidant.
As of November 9, 2013, WGRV-LP remains silent, with no immediate plans to resume broadcasting.
They decide on a small country church and invite all family and friends.
The students invite their parents, other relatives and friends to come to the ball with them.
Shiva smiled and said to him: "I cannot come, but you can invite my son Ganesha.
And the one thing I can promise you, is to invite you to witness the foot without a cast!
Wishart returned to music in 2007, accepting an invite from Don Falcone of Spirits Burning.
Unstaffed HEETs (with emergency exits), a generally unsupervised environment, might invite rampant evasions.
The game originally gave an automatic invite to a team from the now-defunct Southwest Conference (SWC).
In theory, the club could simply decline to invite a qualified player.
Invite public officials, local civic leaders, American Legion dignitaries, and members of the sponsoring Post o attend.
At a potlatch, in their language a tl'e7enk, the host would invite guests to feast in foods prepared and harvested.
No invite had been extended to either them or Liverpool who had finished bottom of the first division.
Despite the success, the Rams didn't get a bowl invite that season.
Women broadcasters invite women to take part in conversations about local issues.
Since then, people have attached an image of Cheo-yong to their gates to dispel evil spirits and invite auspicious energies.
He later would invite Adam Lazzara to join the band.
Key carrying women members are allowed to invite guests of any gender.
The selection panel then invite the applicants to interviews which are held over two weeks.
At the time, the band was changing, and Fiuk decided to invite Max for an audition to know him better.
Before leave the store, Faye convinces Cassie to invite Luke (Zachary Abel) to the party as her date.
It is the only competition to invite entries in all official languages.
American Express sent letters to some previous customers: "We invite you to apply for the Optima Card from American Express.
Coulombe was also an invite to the training camp for Canada's entry in the 2005 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships.
He was first to invite noted architect, Le Corbusier to India, who later did many works in India.
Saddened, but grateful for knowing their friend's fate, the young people invite the companions back to their ville, Quindley.
After they apply to programs, programs review applications and invite selected candidates for interviews held between October and February.
Morgan had admitted that he wanted the job permanently, but the club opted to invite applications from experienced candidates.
Instead, they opted to create a new league, the NHL, and did not invite Livingstone to join them.
They also host an annual invite at the Upper Valley Aquatic Center in nearby White River Junction VT.
The New Kadampa Tradition cannot buy qualified Teachers, nor can we invite them from outside.
Jerry and Kramer switch apartments, and Kramer takes the opportunity to invite Newman over.
It was the first popular centre to invite teachers, gurus, monks, researchers, etc.
Chambers did not impress the Eagles personnel enough to receive an invite to the Eagles mini-camp.
Perperna then proceeded to invite Sertorius to a feast to celebrate a supposed victory.
Paige's birthday is approaching and she requests to invite Pastor Tim and his wife to dinner.
This victory earned Scherr an invite to the 2013 Arnold Strongman Classic.
She is an unashamed witness, and will gladly invite people to attend the church meetings, much to Zak's chagrin.
The event was not sanctioned by the International Amateur Athletics Federation due to the organizers' refusal to invite Israel.
In Facebook a player can invite friends to game, and they unlock as partners when they reach level 5.
Its purpose is to invite young English-speaking authors to live, write and teach in Leipzig.
The mall management, with their media contacts, were able to invite newspapers, radio, and television to cover the event.
On May 9, 2007, Lansdale Catholic administrators announced that they have accepted an invite to the Philadelphia Catholic League.
The expectant mother would invite close female friends and family members to her home to keep her company.
La nave, the Terrario and Avant Garden, different exhibit and activity formats, invite visitors to inhabit a space in transformation.
This victory earned him his pro strongman card, as well as an invite to the 2011 Arnold Strongman Classic.
Team Finlands coach Mauro Berruto did not invite him to the camp of the National team in Kuortane.
Aust wins invite to next year's ASEAN summit.
The Discovery of Grounded Theory was meant to invite and motivate people to use the newly developed methodology.
Lulu wanted to invite the parents of the national under-17 players to verify their sons' ages.
Now Thaitanium invite Nas that is the best of the hip hop band from USA.
Signed free agent IF Andy LaRoche to a minor league deal with an invite to big league camp.
His last line of operations was to invite young boys and scholars attending school to his rooms to supper."
Tangie kicks her suitor out after he asks her to invite Nyla for a threesome.
It is this world that I invite you to read and look to still dream a little, together.
They then invite him to their wedding reception that evening, which invitation he accepts.
The administrators invite certain players to be moderators, also known as helpers.
Lastly, players can form guilds and invite other players to join.
After Secretariat's loss in the Whitney, the field was expanded to invite top horses from across the country.
Each blooming season, the master would invite guests to come admire them together.
The group's board was invited to the invite-only launch of the kits and logo to be used in MLS.
The would-be guests then invite Mme Sénéchal to join them for dinner at a nearby inn.
This is a committee of selected MPs who invite interested people to make representations to the committee.
Bushnell would invite Kelly and Wood over for dinner, with his guests bringing the food.
Bloc Party would also invite Sluts of Trust to support them on a European tour later that year.
Undrafted by a National Hockey League (NHL) club, Tessier earned an invite to the Montreal Canadiens training camp in 2000.
Although it was considered sacrilegious, and would invite Hekate's wrath, persons in extreme poverty may have eaten the meal.
The events are invite only and are designed to introduce alternative protein sources as well as celebrate native eating traditions.
Dr. Harvey makes to report the news, but Sister Anne refuses to allow this as it will invite outside interference.
We had industry, friends, acquaintances and the odd free loader that we handed out an invite to on the road.
Due to limited availability, the phone could initially only be purchased through an invite system.
You invite him to dinner and his friends talk easily into the night after everyone else has gone.
To prove them wrong, Phil says he will ask Alex to invite her boyfriend to the house.
Users can invite anyone (whether a site user or not) to become a connection.
It also continued to invite guest cooks into the kitchen.
On November 26, 2011, the Louisiana Tech Bulldogs accepted an invite to represent the WAC.
Dion's disapproval of the young Dionysius's lavishly dissolute lifestyle compelled him to invite his teacher Plato to visit Syracuse.
The two proceed to invite people who pass by into their house for a meal.
He also said Iceland should rather invite Russia to use the Keflavik Air Base.
Friends and family collide when her dad and Knobs invite themselves along.
The Grubs receive the invite, and trace it back to Earth.
Aspiring career women needed a place where they could entertain without having to invite people to their homes.
Ansari frequently performed at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre, as well as weekly shows such as Invite Them Up.
Any interruption of the refrigeration, however, could invite bacterial contamination to grow.
Tomorrow is the day for kneading and I will prepare an olive oil torta for you to invite your comrades.
Glanville attempts to invite Vanderpump to her housewarming, but Vanderpump makes it clear they have a long way to go.
To this end, she orders Charmian to invite Vorenus into her tent and orders him to have sex with her.
Always encourage and invite new or experienced singers, who have not experienced Tagging, to teach or sing Tags.
They invite Rosie to be the "best man" at their wedding.
The Midsomer Worthy Writer's Circle, a group of amateur novelists, invite celebrated author Max Jennings along as a special guest.
According to Compaoré, Gnassingbé said that he would invite the opposition to participate in the government.
The many wineries and Strausswirtschaften invite visitors to come and enjoy the wine.
Bishop Dacus of Macedonia, from Dardania, was present at the First Council of Nicaea (325).
In 1870, the Drums school was moved to a new location across the road from the present Drums school.
In both molybdenum porphyries and copper porphyries, the molybdenum is present as molybdenite.
At present, Fiame is the Minister of Justice and Courts Administration.
Until the present this remains the only significant translation of a major Latin scholastic work in modern Hebrew."
It was moved to its present location about 1920.
The present church was re-erected in 1908 with the collapse of the former structure.
Jogaila and Vytautas agreed to present their case to the Council of Constance.
The stipules are obsolete, being barely evident if present at all.
The present master plan of the town is found to be insufficient for the future expansion.
Admiralty House is at present an official residence of the Governor-General of Australia, and accommodates important overseas visitors to Sydney.
He was consecrated as Mar Thoma V. No bishops were present for his consecration.
In 1982 he joined University of Manchester Institute of Technology (UMIST, present day University of Manchester) to continue the work.
The present spire, replacing a "Hertfordshire spike" on the tower, dates from this time.
Species of this genus are present in most of Europe, in the Near East and in North Africa.
This was later upgraded to Airbus A320, Airbus A330 and is being used up till the present time.
For example, the term "handshake" is not present in RFCs covering FTP or SMTP.
This change allowed the present Queen to become heir presumptive and eventually inherit the throne.
The Bobtail gene only affects the number of tail vertebrae present.
Two nursing homes are present in Carlsbad: Landsun Homes and Lakeview Christian Home.
The present hotel's restaurant was a conservatory.
The 14th-century brasses are much more numerous, and present a remarkable variety in their details.
The soundtrack included "2 Sides", a track also present on James Armstrong's 2000 album, Got It Goin' On.
Walker appeals to Matuzak, who has no knowledge of the alternate present.
Not until 1977 did the Village Council find a permanent home in the present Village Hall complex.
Paxton contributed to Brinsmead's Present Truth Magazine.
Since 1950 the Hungarian part of Hont is divided between the present Hungarian counties Pest and Nograd.
In one scene Tomax talked to his brother as if he were present, despite the scene showing an empty chair.
Value Contrasts and Consensus in Present-Day Europe: Painting Europe's Moral Landscapes.
The most common geologic structure where it is present is in sillimanite-quartz veins which are paired closely with gahnite.
They also forced Japanese shipping into waters where American submarines were present.
On April 15, 1977 the station platform was considerably extended, from 35.9 meters to its present 61.0 meters in length.
From the late eighteenth century to the present day.
In the present Manwantara, Vishnu was again born as Vamana, the son of Kasyapa by Aditi.
The third and final school, designed by Walter W. LaChance, was opened in 1909 and remains to the present day.
Aurelius begs Ares for his help against Hercules, at his request Ares makes himself present.
Later in the year, he was selected in the Australian Open men's team, where he remains to the present time.
Federal Medical Centres (FMCs), were established nationwide in states that do not have Federal University Teaching Hospitals present.
He is the elder son of the present Chhatrapati Shahu Maharaj.
The TBE virus may be present in a seronegative strain or subtype.
It is at present a multi-racial and co-educational institution open to students of all communities.
The archipelago includes a high concentration of historically significant shipwrecks dating from the 17th century to the present.
In the late 1st century the Romans built a fort, Ardotalia, on high ground above the river in present-day Gamesley.
At present, their remains lie within the Manila North Cemetery.
These tubes are best suited to stationary equipment where impact and vibration is not present.
The episodes were divided by region to present the distinct cultural as well as ecological differences.
The syndrome is also present in an incomplete form which is more properly defined as dyschromatopsia.
It can also present with symptoms indicative of hepatosplenomegaly and the resulting upper quadrant pain this causes.
Conversely, when the lines intersect above the road, negative scrub radius is present.
However, these receptors are also present in non-cancerous cells, thus presenting a challenge due to non-specific targeting.
The horns are longer than in most other breeds and are also present in both males and females.
Pregabalin has been shown to cross the placenta in rats and is present in the milk of lactating rats.
Fisher was present at Battle of Marston Moor, but found himself on the losing side.
Teplov contributed to the downfall of the emperor and was present at his murder in the Ropsha Palace.
The programming characteristics of the Nintendo 64 present unique challenges, with distinct potential advantages.
This festival continues to the present day as the Atlanta Music Festival.
Eventually, out of 22 present, it is revealed that two characters share the same birthday, May 23.
If an external time dependent force is present, the harmonic oscillator is described as a driven oscillator.
The present name comes from the 1840 building of the Kiev Office of the State Bank, hence "Bank Street".
Fast-forward to the present, where Edriss is on trial for treason by the Council of Thirteen.
From 1979 to 1988, several additional purchases brought the park up to its present size of 816 acres.
Furthermore, α-methyl amino acids are generally not present in terrestrial chemistry.
In Word Worm, the user forms words from adjacent tiles present in a rectangular grid.
He is a member of the present Islamic Consultative Assembly from the electorate of Maragheh and Ajabshir.
In 1912 the Bulgarian army acceded Kochan to the present Bulgarian state.
Schomberg's force then went south to Dundalk Camp and were present at the Battle of the Boyne the following year.
The permanent collection of paintings spans from the Middle Ages to the present day.
We want education that teaches us our true history and our role in the present day society.
In pursuing this direction of modern art, artists wanted to present each painting as one unified, cohesive, monolithic image.
Whirlwind D continues to record and perform, using the Solid n Mind name in the present day.
At present the area is served by a single supermarket on the ground floor of the redeveloped Hippodrome site.
IBM, the present owner of the Lotus brand, renamed it Lotus Word Pro.
The provinces were supplanted by the present system of counties after the Norman invasion.
Bezhetsky Uyezd was situated in the eastern part of the governorate (in the eastern part of the present-day Tver Oblast).
Patients initially present with mild to moderate impairment of central nervous system function.
Though testosterone is present within the female hormonal systems, women have lower levels of testosterone than men.
At present prototype F-35's have the equivalent of a Lockheed Martin Sniper XR built in.
Clinical benefit from these treatments is positively correlated with the number of nonsynonymous mutations present in the tumors.
Above the present modern chancel arch is a pointed opening, now filled in, which may have been a window.
In other words, an income in the future needs to be discounted, in some manner, to obtain its present equivalent.
The diocese in present structure and territory was established on May 27, 1997.
Kosar's symptoms have included insomnia, slurred speech and a ringing in his head, some present for more than a decade.
Giovanni Antonio Scopoli noted their presence in Carniola (roughly equivalent to present-day Slovenia) in the 18th century.
At present, his son Sooklek and daughter Soodrak run the Prayoon Foundation to preserve their father's works.
He was also a Minister in Mulayam Singh's cabinet in UP.At present he is representing Zamania.
In the first year at the new location there were four courts, the present courts 1, 2, 9 and 10.
They settled on the lands that were near the present city of Perryville.
Brown's party eventually surveyed as far west as present-day Little Rock, while Robbins continued north to the Missouri River.
They escape any effort at organization and create a mental fusion between past and present.
Later, Laxman was even present during the screentest for the lead character.
But on 10 January, they did just that "to make their protest" with Lib-Lab assistance.
Those who would protest, will find their objections overruled.
Tens of thousands have learned that protest and marches don't do it.
It is thought that many unionists voted for Alliance as a protest at Robinson's financial misdealings.
SCAW handed out an Afghanistan pamphlet during the protest.
Before the riot broke out, young Uighurs had marched through the city "to protest a case of judicial discrimination".
Madoyan logded a protest at the Ministry of Justice against the arrests.
The protest escalated, after law enforcers opened fire on protesters, killing four of them.
He also instigated the protest against Indonesia's April Manganang over claims of being a hermaphrodite.
Its isolation was further deepened by boycotts of South African produce in protest at the country's system of Apartheid.
We call for the immediate release of those detained for peaceful protest."
Police refrained from taking action after a group of demonstrators returned to an intact protest site near Government House.
In 2014 the hotel celebrated the protest with the naming of Merle's Bar.
In August 2006, a student strike occurred at the school in protest of the school bursar's alleged mishandling of funds.
In the June 2013 protest against the Turkish government, Turkish police allegedly used CR gas on protesters in Istanbul.
The protest of the league involved picketing and beatings of the Issei.
The rally on August 25 marked the protest aspect of the otherwise celebratory.
Lisa Fithian is an American political activist and protest organizer.
Those who have dared to protest this were often intimidated and threatened.
He is working on an innovative method for estimating the size of protest events and other mass gatherings,.
Another "For Fair Elections" protest was staged on the Novy Arbat street in Moscow.
Subramania Iyer actively supported the cause of India's freedom and used his newspaper to protest British Imperialism.
The students of Visva-Bharati University too staged a protest march.
The case involved an anti-war protest on the campus of Indiana University.
Before she died, she stated that it was for personal reasons and was not a protest of the war.
The 1978 Treetop Protest Site is still accessible today and includes platforms high in the trees.
Pro-Moscow protest leader arrested in Ukraine's Donetsk.
Erecting improvised street barricades, dubbed guarimbas, has been the most common form of protest, although their use is controversial.
In Australia, thousands joined protest marches in Adelaide, Melbourne, Brisbane, and Sydney.
The Grandmaster ignored a protest against the tax by the Maltese clergy, lodged with Pope Urban VIII.
Also in January, Climate Rush staged a "picnic protest" at Heathrow airport against the construction of the 3rd runway.
At the time the protest was the largest peace demonstration in more than twenty years.
This further led to the turn from peaceful protest to violent terrorism.
Sudan summoned the Egyptian ambassador to protest at the media coverage of the Sudanese hosting of the match.
David Lloyd left the station to join Galaxy 105 in Leeds while presenter Adrian Allen walked out mid-show in protest.
Anonymous held its third international protest against Scientology on April 12, 2008.
This protest was also tinged with fear, however, as the spectre of reunification with China hung over their heads.
He stated that this was in protest to politics playing a role in the Games itself.
Moore became, under protest, Garner's replacement, playing Bret Maverick's cousin Beau Maverick in the fourth season of Maverick.
The incident turned into a citywide protest that lasted nine days until May 27 and resulted in the Gwangju massacre.
With the song "Machine Gun", dedicated to those fighting in Vietnam, this protest of violence is manifest.
General strikes in protest against the decision began in February 1948.
Borozdinovskaya refugees hold protest meeting in Dagestan, Caucasian Knot, June 26, 2007.
Later that year, Diokno renounced his claims from the seat amidst the electoral protest filed by Gomez.
On 12 February 1989, a 10,000-strong protest against Rushdie and the book took place in Islamabad, Pakistan.
McNulty's testimony that the attorneys were fired for "performance related issues" caused the attorneys to come forward in protest.
His decision to end the protest was praised by politicians from the BJP, Janata Party and Congress Party.
He resigned as chair of the parliamentary commission on foreign relations in protest of this alliance.
He left the Notre Dame in 1969, resigning in protest.
The Progressive Alliance of Liberia called for a peaceful demonstration in Monrovia to protest the proposed price increase.
On August 10, 2004, Abrika was arrested again by Tizi-Ouzou police during a protest at a hospital.
In February 1942, the Riverside County Board of Supervisors renewed its protest against exporting local water.
Other protest encampments were created and subsequently dismantled by law enforcement.
During the civil war, he was an active peace maker and staged a 103-day sit-in protest inside the parliament.
Some of Sanders's supporters attempted to protest Clinton's nomination and booed when Sanders called for party unity.
While a member of Jeune-Canada, Laurendeau helped organize and spoke at a protest rally titled "Politicians and Jews".
Somewhere I read that the greatness of America is the right to protest for rights.
Macau chief defends police action during labor protest.
In protest over its establishment, the professional journalists organisations refrained from nominating their four members to the Council.
Under protest of Speyer he also started the expansion of his main residence in Udenheim into a fortress.
In February, students from Harvard, Radcliffe, and Boston University held a four-day hunger strike to protest the war.
The acquittal of Mondello on the most serious charges led to further protest marches through Bensonhurst led by Al Sharpton.
He was the one to announce stiff protest programs from Nepali Congress Party side.
On 27 December 2011, a protest against extremism near the Orot Banot school drew 10,000 people.
The protest march on June 24 started at 18.30 from Oslo Central Station and proceeded around central Oslo.
These annual events have been the focus of much protest organized by groups around the country.
For Nasir Al-Din Shah, the protest left him both financially handicapped and publicly humiliated.
The most common electoral consequences of political alienation are abstention and protest voting.
The Kings filed a protest prior to the start of Game One.
They also distributed fliers explaining the reason of the protest.
Midgley resigned from the NILP the following year in protest at Jack Beattie's leadership.
During the 1960s, the UNC campus was the location of significant political protest.
The protest action near the walls of Cabinet of Ministers.
Paddy Smith resigned on 8 October 1964 in protest at the government's response to certain farming issues.
However, the UDD said they did not protest against the verdict.
Haultain formed a protest party, the Provincial Rights Party, based around this issue.
Most attacks, or attempted acts, of terrorism in New Zealand have been bombings as a form of protest.
Dazhou's Dazhu County was the site of a mass protest in January 2007.
In addition, he had retooled the story to incorporate events leading up to and after his protest.
This edition included McCartney's rare use of swear words in the song "Big Boys Bickering", a protest song.
The protest reaching the army, was sent to Columbia.
The Georgian citizens began to demand independence and the country unraveled in massive protest demonstrations.
Ruetz first became known through his photographs of the student protest movement in West Germany.
There was strong international protest, particularly by the British Admirality, as Spain was officially neutral during the First World War.
Turning off the sign provoked outrage and protest from the public, historians, and architecture buffs.
Plunkett and Hely went further, however, and decided to take action against Larnach and Mudie by preparing a protest.
They conducted frequent voting boycotts in protest.
When Pépin and others organized a protest, he found himself physically threatened by organized-crime goons.
The protest site was removed five times in early July 2013, only to re-establish itself each time within hours.
When it was defeated, Pankhurst led a protest march of 300 women to Parliament Square on 18 November.
Yau also served as consultant on the Japanese restaurant Sake no Hana in St James, London.
It is a tragedy that ends with an individual sacrifice for the sake of the communal benefit.
It may be compared to free writing, or writing for its own sake, instead of writing to produce verbal context.
Whatever repercussions come, I'm willing to be on that chopping block for entertainment's sake.
His movies included The Saxon Charm, Dear Wife, Son of Paleface, Two Flags West, USS Teakettle, and For Heaven's Sake.
But we try and do things properly and for Luke's sake I left him out".
For the sake of form this amendment was formally proposed by Lord Weatherill, Convenor of the Cross-Bench Peers.
They should stop this hearsay for the sake of the oppressed brothers of Kashmir.
However, they decided to put it on hold for the sake of the twins.
As a result, a is usually promoted to in Israeli writing for the sake of disambiguation.
But if I worship You for Your Own sake, grudge me not Your everlasting Beauty.
Jonathan was the father of Mephibosheth, to whom David showed special kindness for Jonathan's sake (2 Samuel 9).
He had taken his spirit from his body, for the sake of the children, he did so again.
We don't change a car for the sake of change.
Hutchinson stated he want to get his career on track for "the sake of his sanity."
As she wrote, "I wish woman to live, first for God's sake.
For the sake of geographical balance, most of these were Italians.
For the sake of her father, the princess happily agreed to Hans's deal.
Stop for your own sake from interfering with God who is with me, so that He will not destroy you.
Sake sets are commonly ceramic, but may be wood, lacquered wood, glass or plastic.
Everyone must fight for the sake of survival!
Most products are teacups, teapots, flower vases, and sake vessels.
Appointed Director in January 1992, Jacques Ricard again changed the structure of IJM for the sake of thematic consistency.
An infinite game continues play, for the sake of play.
Thus, Garibaldi sacrificed republican hopes for the sake of Italian unity under a monarchy.
Lee Leng accepts the verbal contract for the sake of the Fang Group, despite his feelings for Kajika.
For the sake of appearances, the new position was nominally pro tempore, since Tamandaré had virtually been forced to resign.
This is for the sake of accuracy, as the translation of "Sabaoth" is uncertain.
Was it for the sake of society to which one was under obligations?
He wants to be terrible for the sake of freedom.
Bradford planned to do his best to keep his marriage afloat while Claire tries to stay sober for Daniel's sake.
The better elements in the Remove often help Hazel out of his scrapes for her sake.
It is also the most sustainable, pleasant, self-sufficient activity; something which is aimed at for its own sake.
For the sake of publicity, he rode one lap around the course of the first stage on his mountain bicycle.
But God created gold for the sake of the Tabernacle (for example, in Exodus 26:6) and the Temple.
However, he was then given sake and assassinated by the prince he had betrayed his master for.
Ternberg was a German-friendly person, but for that sake not a Nazi sympathizer, however, deeply conservative and nationalist.
In general, the Hesychast restricts his external activities for the sake of his Hesychastic practice.
The gloves are off in songs such as "Cut Me Loose", "For Goodness Sake" and "Solo".
For the sake of his wife and son, Drona desired freedom from poverty.
The song almost makes reference to the possibility of forgiveness after an infidelity for the sake of the couple.
Noisecreep's Greg Srisavasdi claimed that "Go to Hell, for Heaven's Sake" is "an aggressive verbal attack on an unnamed recipient".
Nine to twelve months are required for sake to mature.
The coalescence is not simply for the sake of alliterative effect.
This section drawn from Art for History's Sake by Steinfelt.
They execute the practices for the sake of it.
You're in a nightclub, for God's sake.
One evening a drunk customer comes to the eatery demanding sake.
She is in love with Naoya, but regretfully gives up her feelings for Nagisa's sake.
In 1867 his doctor suggested Sabin relocate for the sake of his health.
For the sake of clarity, each group's exodus is described separately here, although their fate shared many common elements.
Description for description's sake, especially in studied verse, is rarely a vitalized form of literature.
Both Case and Hanabusa proposed that the other drop out for the sake of party unity.
For the sake of simplicity we consider a perturbation with only off diagonal elements.
She became Chong Ngou-shan's wife for the sake of money.
It's not a case of having a gay kiss just for titillation's sake.
She argues that what they have in common is "existential individualism", the belief in freedom for freedom's sake.
In the early days his mentor Frans van Schooten was cautious for the sake of his reputation.
One designer said that during the design process, the Aztek was made "aggressive for the sake of being aggressive."
They later said that Bev marrying for the sake of Lance and Fred's love was "complicated even by Brookside's standards".
The final cause, is that for the sake of which the statue is made, the (actual) statue.
He said, "I don't want to be a celebrity for the sake of being a celebrity.
Kang responded with the remark that his behaviour was only for the sake of the show.
We believe that God has justified all sinners, that is, he has declared them righteous for the sake of Christ.
Men need counsel and men need help, often special help; and all this ought to be rendered for decency's sake.
You can eat it with Japanese Sake, put it in Ocha-zuke, rice with Japanese tea, or put it in miso-soup.
After that incident, Gordeau left the Amnesia to pursue revenge for Bob's sake.
The motif is Asian luxury with high end amenities, including a sake bar and strict security which uses optical scanners.
Along with their constantly updating product list, they are well known for their "Shimantogawa" (四万十川) sake.
But Manikam bears it for the sake of his brother without any retaliation.
During the period of the Muscovite-Lithuanian Wars, a mysterious fool-for-Christ's-sake, appeared in the Monastery of the Holy Trinity.
Padmapriya says, she accepted this offer "for the sake of friendship".
Gopal reveals that he broke the promise for Banu's sake and they have united.
This is used when he ultimately has to defeat his master for the sake of love.
Sake cups left at each murder scene links the three together in a serial murder case.
It is a type of rice wine similar to sake, but with a lower alcohol content and higher sugar content.
Loving sake, savoring sake, enjoying sake is not so bad.
Sakawa is famous for the production of Tsukasabotan, a type of sake.
One common thread is the issue of "forgetting the past for the sake of moving to a brighter future."
Vieuxtemps never indulged in sheer virtuosity for its own sake, like some of his predecessors.
Lean shouted at them, 'For God's sake, whistle a march to keep time to.'
Satisfaction with the thermal environment is important for its own sake and because it influences productivity and health.
The term implies "effect for effect's sake".
As the old legend says: "For the sake of Rome, brother shall fight against brother."
Eventually Philip the Bold paid the ransom for the sake of their uncle Malouel, his painter.
He took artistic liberties in his depictions of human action, and for the sake of his readers' and publishers' interest.
It's time we offer quality in TV content for the sake of actors too".
Sure that she is the murderer, Vivian decides to commit suicide for the sake of the pack.
When Alan reflects on his behavior he wants Carol back for the sake of the children.
Also in 1941, with C.C. Branson, he reviewed the geology of the Wind River Mountains in Wyoming.
The Natural Resources Defense Council (NRDC) argues that government incentives should be directed more towards solar, wind, and energy-efficiency efforts.
Kareela is derived from an Aboriginal word meaning 'place of trees and water' or alternatively 'south wind'.
An Wind meter honouring former Commodore and amateur Meteorologist Ezekiel Stone Wiggins was located on the clubhouse roof in 2011.
On 23 May 2014, it was announced that it would wind down and eventually close.
By comparison, 15 vessels are used to maintain offshore wind farms in the North Sea.
Like most extremely massive stars, HD 151932 is losing mass via its stellar wind.
The wind farm will consists of 17 Vestas V47 wind turbines, for a total capacity of 11.2 MW.
During the races the wind was pretty light and quite unpredictable.
The Rolling Hills Wind Farm may be one of two wind farms, one in Wyoming, the other in Iowa.
The response from the Lancastrian archers was ineffective as the heavy wind blew snow in their faces.
Suddenly the lights go out and the wind rises.
He is the only wind god that Maui did not take control of.
Conditions deteriorated on 26 January when the system ran into some vertical wind shear and weakened.
The organisations are all concerned with the Council of Australian Governments' proposals to wind back Australian environmental laws.
On humid days, with a strong Northeast wind, the smell of charred wood is present in the second story.
The ride does not operate during certain combinations of high wind speed and direction.
The solar wind also carries with it the Sun's magnetic field.
In 2012, it became home to the first wind farm in the Upper Peninsula, the 28 MW Garden Wind Farm.
On the other hand, the wind instruments and percussions are particularly prominent.
Reith wrote two volumes of autobiography: Into The Wind in 1956 and Wearing Spurs in 1966.
John and Feck wind up at the river's edge, and John starts messing with Feck's doll.
August is the month with the weakest average wind speeds.
He then became founder and Chief Executive of Airtricity, the Irish wind farm development company from 1997 until January 2008.
He subsequently built a full-scale grid-connected wind turbine which was installed in 1978 on his parents' farm.
However, most of this noise is expected to be masked by the surrounding noise generated by the wind and waves.
6,788 yards wind their way through 125 acres (0.51 km²) to make up the golf course.
Doppler lidars are usually pointed to zenith and provide vertically-resolved profiles of the vertical wind component.
The line would carry 1,000-MW of power from wind, solar, and natural gas producers.
Brookfield's $275 million Granite Reliable Wind Farm has 33 Vestas three-megawatt wind turbines on mountains in the Phillips Brook area.
In March 2009 Wind Capital Group announced the sale of their second wind farm outside of Missouri.
In English it could be described as a bird-scaring rattle, a wind-rattle or a wind-clapper.
In parts of Antarctica wind-blown snowflakes that are technically sediments have also caused abrasion of exposed rocks.
Through the remainder of the day the wind gradually changed to a westerly direction.
This Fund is now in wind down mode and capital being returned to investors.
Weather, 66, 72-78Scorer, R.S., 1952: Mountain-gap winds; a study of the surface wind in Gibraltar.
During the night the wind increased in strength and shifted to a more westerly direction.
The yacht's sophisticated computer detects parameters such as wind speed automatically and displays key data.
Kuterastan followed by making the Big Dipper, the wind, lightning, and thunder, each given their characteristic tasks.
The electricity sector uses mainly renewable energy sources such as hydropower, geothermal power and increasingly wind energy.
Artists hosted include solo pianists with homemade electronics, string quartets, wind trios, vocal octets, and many other configurations.
As of 2008, Sweden produced 1.6% of electricity with wind power.
The prevailing wind flow is generally southwesterly and light, below 15 knots.
By that day, the system had persistent convection around a weak circulation, located in an area of low wind shear.
Ivens explains how he for his entire career has tried to tame the wind by capturing it with the camera.
November to March have the highest mean wind speeds, and June to August have the lightest winds.
Wind dinosaurs consist of smaller theropods, such as Allosaurus and Utahraptor.
Everclear (band) features a track titled "Santa Ana Wind" on their 2012 album Invisible Stars.
At Aberdaron in Gwynedd, Wales, a 36 m/s (130 km/h) wind gust was reported on 12 November.
During the voyage, she was allowed to drop her tow lines from the tug and continue alone under wind power.
In Polynesian mythology (Specifically: Samoa), Fa'atiu is the wind and storm god.
In November 2001, the Wind of Hope full-length album was released.
She served as the privately owned freighter South Wind until being laid up in 1954.
The Sibioara Wind Farm is a proposed wind power project in Sibioara, Vaslui County, Romania.
Siemens Energy to supply wind farm turbines.
Foredunes are formed when sand accumulates and wind actively transforms the landscape.
Woodlawn Wind Farm was owner and operator Infigen Energy's sixth Australian wind farm.
The following year, he received an Oscar nomination for his part in George Cukor's Wild Is the Wind.
The plant is thought to be anemophilous (pollinated by wind).
In addition, BLM has authorized over 100 wind energy testing sites.
Men's and women's equipment includes footwear, shirts, shorts, pants, outerwear (wind suits), base layer and eyewear.
In 1993 he directed The Wind and the Willows by Douglas Post.
The wind farm has 36 Vestas 2 MW wind turbines.
Offshore wind power refers to the construction of wind farms in large bodies of water to generate electric power.
Later that morning, the hurricane reached Category 2 intensity on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale (SSHWS).
Water-, steam-, horse- or ox- and wind-powered bark mills existed.
The trees have become wind-beaten, gnarled, leafless trunks.
Paegam also has the highest wind speeds of any district in North Korea.
Locally we want more wind farms and public services; and no more housing developments, roads, warehouses or nuclear waste."
But as the media caught wind of the group and their rather unorthodox religious ceremonies, things started to change.
Steering currents pulled Ignacio north, where it encountered wind shear and cooler waters.
Typically the most important weather parameter measured at this height is wind speed and direction.
EDP Dobrogea Wind Farm is a large wind power project in the Dobrogea region, Romania.
Marty can also generate remarkably powerful wind squalls by simply blowing.
Tyson was taken off and when Trueman was given the wind he bowled Favell.
In 2013, the Wind Ensemble was accepted as a featured band in the Music for All National Concert Band Festival.
The four kinds of severe weather produced in these outbreaks are tornadoes, severe wind, large hail, and flash flooding.
Studies are often required to ensure that pedestrian wind comfort and wind danger concerns are addressed.
Washington state has sales tax exemptions for wind energy.
The company expects to invest ~35billion Yuan in CNR Wind Power to establish a full scale wind power industry.
With the production of new types of energy, including solar, geothermal, hydro-electric, biofuel, and wind power.
For higher altitude drops, the effect of wind and bomb trajectory could no longer be ignored.
The Makara area has long been favoured as a site for building a wind farm.
It easily becomes naturalized where it is introduced because its seeds are prolifically produced and widely scattered by the wind.
The ships heeled away from the wind so that the leeward vessel was exposing part of her bottom to shot.
In November 2014 DONG Energy was given development consent for an extension to the Walney offshore wind farm.
Therefore, vertical axis wind mills (e.g. Savonius turbines) are sometimes preferred.
The monoecious species is wind pollinated and described as having mostly erect branches, tough furrowed bark and dark green foliage.
This emergent coastal plain is made up of sand and mud deposited by rivers and by wind.
Several salt well heads are capped and marked along the streets that wind along the river.
The History Meeting House (Polish: Dom Spotkan z Historia) is a municipal institution of culture in Warsaw, Poland.
Most people in industrialised countries own more computers in embedded systems in their car and house, than on their desks.
The museum grounds contain a summer kitchen, a one room school house, a smoke house, farms animals and gift shop.
It is a "sister" house to the Veeder Farmhouse No.
No one burns the house of a good man.
The Dr. Walter Kennedy House is a historic home in Sarasota, Florida.
The movie was screened in the White House for energy and environment staff working in the Obama Administration.
More recently Celtech and Taran have also combined pibgorn and pipes with Drum and Bass, Dub, and House styles.
By rule, the House Ethics Committee's work, votes, and investigative findings are kept strictly confidential.
As the ruling house in Portugal, the Habsburg banner also included the Portuguese arms.
The declaration was also condemned by human rights groups such as Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch and Freedom House.
While there, he was placed under house arrest for his role in the Eggnog Riot during Christmas 1826.
Conservative Tim Shallenburger became Speaker of the House.
The first school house in the township was built in 1836 near the Sprague homestead.
The documents found in his house detailed the movements of senior IRA members.
Protected environments (green house, small gardens, etc.
Carol Anne, who is the five-year-old child, can sense the supernatural spirits that have taken over her house.
It was recorded at Swing House Studios in Los Angeles, CA.
The attached carriage house is a unique feature in the city.
He entered the house on Day 1 and finished fifth in the finale on Day 29.
During the 1930s he was the "house" illustrator for Scribner's magazine, where he drew interior illustrations as well as covers.
In the House of M reality, Warlord Krang was shown as Namor's aide.
Greenwich House, an on-campus living facility at Hampshire College in Amherst, Massachusetts, is named after the former town.
In July 2010, Levi interviewed U.S. President Barack Obama at the White House.
House of Moves captured the movements of five men and four women during a two-day shoot supervised by Hancock.
Brad tells him to run home, and continues to his house.
She was placed under house arrest and was frequently investigated.
Titus W. Carr House is a historic home and national historic district located near Walstonsburg, Greene County, North Carolina.
In 2007 experimental guitarist and composer Marco Oppedisano, wild-jam band Little Ricky's House of Chankletas, joined the label.
The Joe Brown House and Farmstead is a historic property in rural White County, Arkansas.
She lives in Parminder's house, and secretly helps all the Galli members.
The mass of the house is broken up on every side in different ways, most noticeably at the front.
Following her criticism of his extra-marital affairs, Clarke's father turned her out of the house and cut off her funds.
The White House, the Capitol, and various other buildings were evacuated.
The house itself is painted green-white and has a big garden where often are weddings or confirmation parties.
Jojo and Bobby plan a house party, but first they need to acquire alcohol for same.
Due to unhealthy conditions, the school moved to yet another house rented by a football team.
Lennox and Addington was a federal electoral district represented in the Canadian House of Commons from 1904 to 1925.
She lost her place in the House with 25%.
The Cock-Cornelius House, Matinecock Friends Meetinghouse, and George Underhill House are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
When Jimmy decided to have satellite television installed at his house, Sean Smith came to install it.
The house still stands and is known locally as "the Softly and Tenderly House" (see "Hymns and gospel songs" infra).
In 1979, Bailey was assigned to the Plummer House, a work release facility in Wilmington, Delaware, but soon escaped.
In 2002 Blomquist was the Director of Media Relations for the White House Commission on Special Education.
Southill House is an early 18th-century manor house south of the main village.
This meant the oil could flow into each house under the influence of gravity.
The following chart shows Qatar's ratings since 1972 in the Freedom in the World reports, published annually by Freedom House.
In the Austrian capital went back to the service of the House of Liechtenstein.
He had a fish pond, doubling as a reservoir, on top of his own house.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
They get mad, so they at Donald's house a he grabs a box with popcorn.
In the 1890s, George Tebbutt was growing prize-winning damsons and lilies at Mogden House.
In the 17th century is became part of a Jacobean manor house.
At a distance, outside, they see a house with lights on.
Each house has 15 minutes to present a piece that includes elements of music, drama, and and dance.
As Taylor's force moved into Mexico the American House moved with the army, first to Monterrey and then to Saltillo.
Since 1995 it has been housed in a former coach house on Theaterplatz rebuilt by Clemens Wenzeslaus Coudray.
He remained the provost until he died, at the Provost's House, in 1914.
The old school plot was sold to Barratt Homes for demolition and house building.
Fiz has taken a dislike to Julie, who then moved in with them at their house.
The Patterson House in Larned, Kansas is a three-bedroom Lustron house built in 1949.
The Duchess remained at Warren House until she died in 1841.
The TV presenter, Vincent Lagaf, has a house in Jouy.
The James Archibald Campbell House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
McKinney is also represented in the Texas House of Representatives by Republican Scott Sanford, District 70.
The Sergeant-at-arms of the House of Representatives is tasked with maintaining security and order in the House.
The Treasurer's House is a medieval priest's house built from Hamstone during the 13th century.
Myrtle House is an Elim Pentecostal Church in Llanelli, Wales.
As of 2015 and the 29th Legislature, she is the House Majority Leader.
The north side of the court also house Peterhouse's MCR (Middle Combination Room).
The house has been used as a hotel, a riding school and a night club.
The former tea house is a big rectangular pavilion with a glazed upper floor.
Fischer house sold at loss of $18,000.
Back To Basics is then followed by three other electro house EPs, Feedback, Back Again and Keep The Groove On.
This folder contains all the statutory information submitted by Oliphants Limited to Companies House.
Leakes failed to win any money for her selected charity, "My Sister's House".
By the 1880s Jackson had five large hotels, one of which was Eagle Mountain House.
They had no children and she inherited Red House at his death.
The tremors damage the house, shutting down the receiver.
The Merritt Black House is a house in Kaukauna, Wisconsin, United States.
This wing contained the kitchens for the house (two in number), two dairies, pantries and store rooms, and servants' accommodation.
Since 1996 the land has mainly been used to house one of the largest youth centres in Lower Saxony.
The house was passed down through the Yorke family until March 1973, when it was given to the National Trust.
The Halliburton House is a historic house at 300 West Halliburton Street in De Witt, Arkansas.
The Anthony House was an upscale hotel on Markham Street in downtown Little Rock, Arkansas.
The house, constructed in 1881, included Italianate and Greek Revival deail elements.
The house has a sub triangular or trefoil plan formed by 3 semi-circular towers conjoined in a gothic style.
Paul Young, after being shot in front of his house, is rushed to the hospital and is alive.
One House Member has a licensed practical nurse (L.P.N.) degree.
Back at her house, Beth finds Jodie, but they are attacked by the creature.
All of the revealed cards are put in a discard pile.
He can draw the top card from the discard pile or the top card from the top of the deck.
Some rummy players play that any player must discard on the turn in which they go out.
The discard: discarding any one card (other than a joker) face up on the discard pile.
ID5 (1988) didn't discard subtrees, but also did not guarantee that it would produce the same tree as ID3.
The Drej eventually discard Akima and extract the Titan's map from Cale.
Other features identified include a discard area and a deep feature of unknown function.
Proteus intends to discard his current body and possess the Maestro.
He was unwilling to discard completely Maxwell's theory of electrodynamics.
Here we use Euler's formula to identify and discard the negative frequency.
Players pick a card from the open or closed stack and discard a card from hand to the open stack.
Magdalana's presence ends when Eve punches her unconscious and orders Summerset to discard her.
Moreover, whenever they draw/discard they must ensure their hand stays under 12 points.
If the draw deck becomes depleted during play, shuffle the discard pile and begin again.
Use the working solution once, then discard.
The name comes from the discard pile which is also the origin of the name for the Skat card game.
The end of a turn occurs when a player discards one card onto the discard pile.
It was no longer a trick-taking game but a draw-and-discard game.
However, since players can draw from the common discard piles, they are free to make use of opposing discards.
They discard the bits of wood, or reuse particles to build partitions between cells.
The player may go out only by melding all his cards, and may discard a single final card if necessary.
When the cache is full, the algorithm must choose which items to discard to make room for the new ones.
Sometime a player must discard a card to do an effect or event, or may do so voluntarily.
The abundance of artifacts suggests the location a home or possibly a discard zone.
However, Farhad receives a call about "laundry" and decides to discard the phone and change residences.
Most firewalls should intercept and discard the poison packet thus protecting the host from this attack.
Players do not discard three of a kind.
The accident causes the school to discard the outdoor centre, much to the students dismay.
Barney has a plethora of strategies and rules designed to meet women, sleep with them, and discard them.
If you cannot oppose, why not demobilise the troops, discard your armour and surrender to the north?"
Different from the discard pile in that it isn't reshuffled into the deck when the deck becomes depleted.
The player reveals his three pieces face up and places the stolen discard on top of the middle tile.
To end your turn you must discard one card from your hand face up to the discard pile.
It is foolhardy to discard such an advantage!
If the player has more than 5 Treasure cards, he must discard down to 5 Treasure cards.
Some draw-and-discard games combined multiple decks of three-suited cards leading to the birth of Mahjong in the mid-19th century.
The society helped her to discard traditional values and develop her own feminist mode of thought.
As a result, employees tend to discard employers with a bad reputation.
In this case, the voting circuit can output the correct result, and discard the erroneous version.
The costume also featured the poulaines of crakows, which some artists would discard from the portrayal.
Attitudes of even skeptical citizens, do not discard the possibility on future sustainable enlargements.
This feature, however, is tenable only as far as hard determinists discard responsibility.
Players can make a meld by calling for another player's discard.
Towards the bottom are the Deck, the 2 Dealt piles, and the Discard pile.
The discard rate for each area is around 10%.
The decision to discard the vessel was taken in September 2014 and Iroquois was paid off on 1 May 2015.
Fruit-eating bats typically carry the diaspore to a favorite perch, where they eat the fruit and discard the seed.
The four non-dealers each discard one card to the crib.
Allow water to drain into the saucer and discard excess water.
His Postmaster General Amos Kendall gave Southern postmasters discretionary powers to discard the tracts.
Specializes in Combat and drawing new cards and to force opponent to discard cards.
If West chooses to discard a diamond, the club jack is underplayed with the five.
Condon should discard the rest of the book and rebuild on this foundation.
Their turn is then over and they must discard down to five cards if they have more than five.
Those who play must win at least two tricks, but may first discard and draw any number of replacements.
Norbert decides to discard their next project, John the Baptist, and move directly to Jesus.
Masterminds are suspicious of theories based on poor research and will discard ideas that cannot be effectively implemented.
After scoring, the player may then discard a card from his or her hand, and then draw a replacement.
If desired, players can discard all the way down to one card.
We are going to discard entirely all ornament.
Threes can't be discarded, except as your final discard when going out; the same is true of wild cards.
These destroy or discard the mamane's toxins they take up with their food, so that the caterpillars themselves are non-toxic.
The player must have a discard and may not discard a playable card.
Discard the salt, mix the red oil back into the black material.
It was then decided to discard the result and replay the game two days later.
Following a message by a period means Self will discard the returned value.
From discard to divination: Demarcating the sacred through the collection and curation of discarded objects.
Their main approach to achieve this is to discard the coolant bath for the required superconductors.
Humans may discard codes or systems of morality that have been purely socially constructed by their native cultures.
When it became apparent that the universe is not static, but expanding, Einstein was quick to discard this additional term.
They must be concealed hands though may be won on a discard or from the wall.
If they do not have any cards in the suit named, then they may discard any other card.
It can discard the contents of all other PIDs.
Cursed Legacy released the exclusive digital album "Discard Once Motionless" through Bandcamp on a pay-what-you-want basis.
Once drawn, players must choose one card of the pair to discard and one to keep.
The discard service is usually not enabled by default.
In order to do this, players must be able to meld the top discard.
After a player refuses to have a new discard phase, the playing rounds begin.
You may not discard the blue in any situation.
Once this happens, both players discard cards from their hand down to three and the turn ends.
Among professionals in the 1830s, he was said to be the last to discard breeches in favour of trousers.
Singaporean Mahjong uses the Traditional Prohibition Rules concerning Sacred Discard & Missed Discard.
Their partner then must take those five cards and pick the ones he/she wants to keep and discard the rest.
They can also be countered by the otherwise useless Disarm, which forces the attacker to discard the Weapon.
Most external urban areas with high pedestrian traffic show high incidence of casual chewing gum discard.
Once a player drowns, all players discard their leftover stones, then check the cards they did not play.
Scientists also hope to prove, or discard, the existence of so-called quark stars, or strange stars, through these studies.
Ratchet was able to use the discard prototype Pretender shells to revive Grimlock, Jazz and Bumblebee, and defeated Megatron's plan.
From the 13 card each player must create 4 card groups, and discard one card.
The computer may discard items because they are expired.
The map of preliminary reports does not take into account storm surveys and possible duplicate reports.
The Tornado Champion ends his experiment with a duplicate Earth and JLA, and decides to continue being a hero.
With this new program, Arden was not able to duplicate the success she had with Our Miss Brooks.
Edmund Warwick later played a robot duplicate of the Doctor in The Chase.
This will duplicate exactly the assignment produced by consistent hashing.
Duplicate stamps can be sold or traded, so they are an important medium of exchange among collectors.
In Hyderabad region of Telangana state, Aadhaar numbers were linked to ration cards to remove duplicate ration cards.
This was to eliminate duplicate services and allocate resources more efficiently across the region.
Small Foot and Scooter are able to capture the Turbo duplicate and learn where their friends are being held.
Randi demonstrated that he could by ordinary conjuring means duplicate Geller's feats.
Nevertheless, the basic issue of users being able to duplicate content that is sent to them remains.
There are two main categories of scoring: duplicate and rubber scoring.
There is also an imperfect duplicate of the Statue of Liberty visible in the background, although unnamed.
He has had a duplicate made and through a series of circumstances gets the duplicate and real one mixed up.
This is a procedure at the end of each generation that replaces duplicate individuals in the population.
Nerys Hughes played Rhys' mother Brenda Williams, in addition to a duplicate form of the alien Nostrovite.
Certain one-day a week journeys and duplicate services are not operated using vehicles featuring the 'Magic Floor Lift'.
Alternately, duplicate cards might be issued without the knowledge of their supposed "owner".
However, other investigators could not duplicate his results and the ineffective vaccine was eventually abandoned.
Many people refer to this film as a duplicate of the 1960 film rather than a remake.
From Panama and St. Louis, duplicate plants were loaned to expositions, gifted, or exchanged with other institutions (American and foreign).
After thousands of card runs, James Charles Crumbaugh failed to duplicate the results of Rhine.
The Yale football 1960 team would duplicate the feat.
Free Duplicate File Finder has been tested and reviewed by major software distributors and reviewing websites.
Of course, he wants the Red Prince to be unable to duplicate the feat from the Red Castle.
It was assigned to the 2nd Wessex Division, the 2nd Line duplicate of the Wessex Division.
The decree also covered the topics of duplicate medals and the display, ownership and storage of the insignia.
In 2012, it was announced that Legoland Deutschland would be receiving a duplicate of the ride for 2013.
An android duplicate named Beta takes Alex's place during his absence.
Michigan election law stipulates that if duplicates are found, both the original and duplicate are ruled invalid.
Examples of repeated and duplicate stories are used to identify the separate sources.
Between 2008 and 2010 work was carried out to duplicate the tracks between Darra and Corinda stations.
This is due to duplicate player profiles existing for the player.
Continuing her interest in competitive duplicate bridge, she achieved gold life master status.
However, the film did not duplicate the success of The Little Mermaid.
Kugler's work, which he claimed to be "the first comprehensive survey of art" seemed to duplicate Schnaase's project.
Powerglide is a mirror universe duplicate of the Generation 1 character.
The Miami Dolphins would duplicate this feat the following season by winning Super Bowl VII.
In some implementations, duplicate sections simply merge their properties together, as if they occurred contiguously.
Additionally, Duplicate copies of all live performance recordings will be available at the Martin Luther King, Jr. Memorial Library.
Some older buildings have been renovated for new uses; newer buildings aim to duplicate the feel of the original establishments.
Thousands worked around the clock for 12 days to construct a duplicate German V-1 facility.
It is shot down over their duplicate Atlantis, though not before transmitting data back to Asuras.
During the Blackest Night mini-series, Scarecrow is temporarily deputized into the Sinestro Corps by a duplicate of Sinestro's Power Ring.
His powers also enable him to duplicate weapons, as demonstrated when he became Thor to battle the Thor-Clone.
Territorial units formed duplicate battalions from August 1914 to May 1915.
Note: Use of the term IVD is best avoided because of its duplicate meanings.
It would be a long time before a group of women had the resources to duplicate Crittenton efforts.
When the original dentures were stolen from the Smithsonian Institution during 1981, he was able to produce a duplicate.
While Mollo occasionally successfully competed in the major duplicate bridge tournaments, winning four national titles, he preferred rubber bridge.
Doom faced his duplicate and in the battle, he learned that the duplicate was a false Doom.
Surrogate keys can result in duplicate values in any natural keys.
Cho U in 2011 and Iyama Yuta in 2013 would duplicate this feat, both by winning the Kisei.
Papillon was the only human duplicate that was stable enough to survive for more than a few seconds.
After a few events, a duplicate Titu also comes.
The single artwork was shot by Japanese photographer Toru Kumazawa and features duplicate clones of Hamasaki, resembling an audience.
There were also reports of financial mismanagement in other areas, as well as duplicate enrollment of thousands of students.
With Wolfman out of the way, the station owners tried to duplicate his successful formula.
Another duplicate is displayed at The Grammy Museum while as of 2015, Lopez still owns the original gown.
Because plantations are organized at the county level, they are allowed to duplicate the names of incorporated towns.
Price would later duplicate Duncan's ectoplasm with similar substances.
To effect the creation of a new object which is a shallow duplicate of y, the feature twin is used.
Practice varies and occasionally the affidavit will duplicate all of the information contained in the petition.
Likewise, existing pre-war formations (brigades and divisions) formed duplicate 2nd Lines with the same structure as their 1st Line parents.
Fraud prevention: Does the software have expense fraud detection capabilities, such a duplicate identification?
In this case, if changes are needed, time is wasted hunting for all the duplicate locations.
The convention was signed in duplicate, in London on 27 February 1884 by Hercules Robinson, S.JP.
Introduction to the Laws of Duplicate Bridge issued by the World Bridge Federation.
The work is a duplicate that has no value as part of a series.
Duplicate bridge is played in clubs and tournaments, which can gather as many as several hundred players.
This update thus enabled Google to remove a large amount of mostly computer-generated duplicate content from its index.
In regard to most articles of the Constitution, the document is a word-for-word duplicate of the United States Constitution.
If the join query is not written correctly, it may return duplicate rows and/or give incorrect answers.
Duplicate stamps are those a collector already has and are not required, therefore, to fill a gap in a collection.
Harris sought to duplicate the victory at Hamburg, but Berlin proved to be a far more difficult nut to crack.
However, Kandinsky had admired the completed design, and Breuer fabricated a duplicate for Kandinsky's personal quarters.
It acts by looking for repeated patterns and duplicate messages, and is able to identify known spamming sites and domains.
The Renegades ambushed Leader-1 and replaced him with his duplicate.
Johnson was the first to be eliminated, having failed to duplicate Mayo's shot from the free-throw line.
Light spectrums that most closely duplicate nature are going to be most efficient.
Backup application in particular commonly generate significant portions of duplicate data over time.
Functional divergence between the duplicate genes is another possible fate.
Narasimman, who palns to rob the bank locker and manages to get duplicate key.
Iran has reverse engineered the type from examples acquired before 1979 and currently manufactures duplicate TOW missiles.
The Poverty Island Light was designed to be a near duplicate of the Sturgeon Point Light.
The 8th Battalion, Royal Scots was raised on 2 August 1939 as a 2nd Line duplicate of the 7th/9th Battalion.
The uniqueness of the address on the subnet is tested with the Duplicate Address Detection (DAD) method.
The technique he created is called "Duplicate Rain".
Blanc applied these concepts to muskets, and used gauges and filing jigs to bring duplicate parts to interchangeability.
The Reconstruction government, having failed to locate the official seal, had a duplicate seal fabricated.
Ignition advance and retard is entirely automatic.
Grisham retaliated with his own retorts, some humorous and some hostile (once calling one TNA fan a "retard").
These effects consequently retard the production of sperm cell.
Another technique used to retard or delay the action of the parchmentizing acid solution was to keep the reaction cold.
Concern that a comprehensive ban would retard modernization of the Soviet arsenal may have pushed Khrushchev towards a partial ban.
The slope was also designed to retard or stop cannon shot from naval ships.
During the flare, pilots retard the throttles to idle to reduce engine thrust.
Retard when used as a noun is a pejorative word used to refer to people with mental disabilities.
Low temperatures tend to prolong animal development and high temperatures tend to retard it.
Unlike contemporary U.S. bombs of similar destructive power, Yellow Sun did not deploy a parachute to retard its fall.
Preservatives are added to products sold as liquid dispersions to retard bacterial growth.
These experiments failed to produce the desired results of increased hormonal effects to retard aging.
His letter expressed concern with a tweet Coulter made using "retard" to describe President Obama.
To indicate the factors that tend to retard economic development.
However, cooler soils with high clay content and high water capacity may retard the ripening too drastically.
The guard's van could be used to retard a train on down grades, or to stop the entire train.
When present, microtubules retard cell movement when their dynamics are suppressed by drug treatment or by tubulin mutations.
On copper roofing or flashing, reapplication as infrequently as once every three years can effectively retard patina formation.
When she forgot to retard the spark, the crank kicked and broke Carter's jaw.
This means that a moment occurs that tends to retard the rolling motion.
However, Gordon Freeman's actions retard the reaction long enough to allow citizens and Resistance members alike to escape City 17.
He is the founder of Retard Riot, a network of radical individuals devoted to art, music, and philosophy.
Rocar, after 1990, also suffered from technology retard, using outdated technologies, manufacturing outdated products (some of them even 30 years!
Medication can be used to retard this effect, but is not always successful.
Stone sealing is the application of a surface treatment to products constructed of natural stone to retard staining and corrosion.
In Portland cement, a little calcium sulfate (typically 3-10%) is added in order to retard the hydration of tricalcium aluminate.
These inhibitors chemically retard the formation of clathrate hydrates.
But if you can't, pay it and retard other bills accordingly.
Rough, irregular ground, and man-made obstructions on the ground, retard movement of the air near the surface, reducing wind velocity.
For the same reason, it can prevent or retard food oils and fats from becoming rancid.
Filamentous phages retard bacterial growth but, contrasting with the lambda phage and the T7 phage, are not generally lytic.
Procaine's ability to retard certain wound healing processes has been well researched.
When Hewitt didn't, the boss and the co-worker bullied him, calling him a "retard" and a "dumb animal".
The strategy would read these switches and retard the spark advance for vehicles experiencing pre-ignition (knock).
Some economists and scientists and law professors have raised concerns that patents retard technical progress and innovation.
To retard camshaft timing, the actuator motor will rotate slightly slower than camshaft speed.
An advance mechanism is used to retard the timing for easy starting and smooth idle.
These units will both advance and retard the ignition timing.
The role of a diffusion barrier is to prevent or to retard the inter-diffusion of the two superposed metals.
In March 2011, Reptile and Retard started recording their first EP with the producer David M. Allen.
Prolonged dry or cold weather retard growth but result in adaptative strategy in the genus evolution.
If on the other hand the needle is fixed it will tend to retard the motion of the disc.
These inhibitors are primarily utilized to retard the formation of clathrate hydrates.
One half-hour later, Captain May had his men felling trees and burning bridges to retard pursuit.
Retard was not used to refer to mentally disabled people until 1985.
These basins are used to retard flood flows in the urbanized area downstream of Carbon Canyon Dam.
But never will I attempt to avert or to retard it.
The upstream swamp canals feed streams with dry areas between the streams which retard flow of the glacier.
Static magnetic fields, for reasons still unknown, also retard animal development.
APP is also applied to flame retard polyurethane foams.
Retard has transitioned from an impartial term to one that is negatively loaded.
Bence Jones protein may bind to and retard the alpha-1 band.
As a result, a boundary may be associated with a solute atmosphere that will retard its movement.
He set himself in an opposite frame to them in all proceedings, which did much to retard business".
However, high concentrations of sodium chloride (and many other salts) in a DNA sample retard its mobility.
She told me she wanted to do this song called 'Retard Girl' and that intrigued me."
Momentum carries the blade further before flanges (not shown) retard its motion.
These compounds improve the grain refining, and retard recrystallization and precipitation hardening.
The case sides were cup-shaped to retard the fall of the bomb.
Seeds that do not germinate because they have fleshy fruits that retard germination are quiescent, not dormant.
Alone Sang-woo ignores his grandmother, not even wanting to look at her and even calling her a byungshin, or "retard".
It is unclear how long the ceramic form will retard the release of radioactivity.
Introducing MWNTs to polymers can improve flame retardancy and retard thermal degradation of polymer.
Vitaphone projectors had special levers and linkages to advance and retard sync, but only within certain limits.
In addition, cool temperatures retard bacterial and fungal growth.
Hole had previously released two singles, "Retard Girl" on Sympathy for the Record Industry and "Dicknail" on Sub Pop.
Her second dress rehearsal also featured abuse of the floor manager, whom she called a "fucking retard".
It is a field of research that aims to discover cancer immunotherapies to treat and retard progression of the disease.
Depending on their size and distribution such particles may act to either encourage or retard recrystallization.
Burner is a mutant that can psionically induce and retard combustion.
Thomas Ewing, Jr. moved with reinforcements down the railroad from St. Louis to Ironton to retard Price's advance.
Soil resistivity is a measure of a soil's ability to retard the conduction of an electric current.
It was widely accepted to refer to people who are mentally disabled as mentally retarded, or as a retard.
The A-5 has a system of friction piece or pieces and bevel rings which retard the barrel's rearward travel.
Use it to retard your gravitational access to the ground.
The campaigners are trying to make everyone understand that retard is a derogatory term no matter the context.
Indeed, nuclear plants are so slow and costly to build that they reduce and retard climate protection".
They served to retard the A.F.L.'s development for more than a generation.
Calcium propionate is commonly added by commercial bakeries to retard the growth of molds.
The increased hydrophobic moment is thought to retard or abolish antimicrobial peptide insertion and pore formation.
Much care, expertise, and expense is invested in preservation efforts to retard decomposition in aging documents, artifacts, artworks, and buildings.
In case this does not happen, the capitalist' savings would only retard growth.
Harvard Business School professor Michael E. Porter stated: "product liability is so extreme and uncertain as to retard innovation.
Lack of education continued to retard the spread of advanced technology in rural areas.
Larger pieces burn more slowly, and the burn rate is further controlled by flame-deterrent coatings that retard burning slightly.
Jack reveals to Rachel why he's in New York, and the two conspire to expose Pryce.
But working for Heep allows Micawber to expose his boss as a forger and a cheat.
According to Simon, Bannion "used to take his duck to the bar and repeatedly expose 'pretty boy' and all else.
Booths expose the Corsican literature in all areas, let others find the old songs and melodies on CD-ROM.
This process may expose a cross-section of crust to the surface, as at Euboea Montes.
He wants to expose the malpractice of Ignatz.
Lankester was active in attempting to expose the frauds of Spiritualist mediums during the 1920s.
Rajput uses the website to expose what he perceives as Islamic extremism in India.
Initially, multicultural education had intentions to expose and educate on the institutionalized racism that existed in the education system.
The fear that this research can expose the internal fraud-detection system of middlemen still applies.
It is therefore advisable to expose young ferrets to as many different types and flavors of appropriate food as possible.
Benji reveals he means to use the list to expose publicly all the Hiller Brood agents.
The graft skin is dissected to expose the veins and the thoracodorsal nerves.
Even fish may be attacked by some mosquito species if they expose themselves above water level, as mudskippers do.
Critics argue his confrontational style sometimes contributes to the conflict he seeks to expose and oppose.
Sherry then attempts to expose the truth for reasons of her own.
The large windows in front expose a showroom containing historic artifacts, including the famous "VETO No.
AAPS has three on-site facilities in order to expose students to laboratory environments and protocol.
The building is substantially shaped by climatic considerations with the intention to expose the interiors towards the sky and nature.
In mammals, the olfactory part of the brain is covered by neopallium, making it difficult to expose.
For me, half the album is about being able to expose that.
He risks his career and his life to expose the truth.
Published in 1906, it is an expose of the horrific working conditions of child laborers.
The group also held press conferences to expose Soviet forgeries and distributed copies of the fake documents to attending journalists.
Ravikant meets Arya and Arya informs that he has the recordings of Neena's meeting which will expose Ravikant.
One way of doing so was to avoid foreign publicity in order to expose problems.
In cleavage, the magnesium ions activate oxygen from water molecules and expose them to nucleophilic attack.
Some programming language implementations expose their debugging functions for use by other programs.
But one of the jealous relatives of Chandra (Cochin Haneefa) manages to expose Appukkuttan before everyone.
The expose was based on three-month investigation.
It can either completely hide the relational nature of the underlying database or expose some of the details as required.
These individuals expose themselves to great danger in order to protect the cowboy.
After Ralph and Stahl expose their plans to hypnotize the TV viewers, they are fired by the Ferret Network's CEO.
An American journalist works to expose a criminal gang in London.
Pluto notices the strange figure, but he does not get a chance to expose him to Mickey.
He ignored the challenge, after which the challenger threatened to expose him as a coward.
Radack is the director of National Security & Human Rights at Expose Facts.
When this subsided he helped expose Titus Oates, and with the Revolution of 1688, he veered towards the Whig party.
Its stated goal is to investigate and expose crimes against wildlife and the environment.
There should be agencies with the legal power to expose and punish governmental institutions for corruption or other unlawful actions.
She wants to be able to uncover and expose more illegal activities that are taking place globally.
To record on film, DeForest tried using a standard light bulb to expose amplified sound onto film.
For example, 28/97, in RMP 31, and RMP 23 expose Ahmes' LCM multiplication method.
Indian techies in S Korea expose fat salary lie.
Sheila sent her mother to her farmhouse in Michigan before Molly could expose her.
To expose the brand he gave T-shirts to the musician Cornelius who wore them when performing.
Before Celia departed for her family's home in Greece, Martha threatened to expose her should she ever return to Gotham.
Ching gets a job at another jewelry company, and collaborates with Lung to expose Yuen's wrongdoings.
Defeated when the Confessor sacrificed his life to expose their plan.
Internet, Wi-Max connectivity to expose students of the Vidyalaya to the global activities.
This act can expose the consumer to toxic substances and parasites found in the ingested earth.
Exposures of the Shinumo Quartzite, and Dox Formation expose several basaltic dikes.
Booth's Guardian article noted that in response to the expose, "Roux said.
The player then receives a third card, and must immediately expose another card in his/her hand.
British forces placed there would expose the colonial forces in Boston to attack from the rear.
Realizing that these documents would expose his cover-up attempt, Fairey chose to come clean to his attorney.
He would later say that he had remained silent until then to expose flaws in the German justice system.
We feel vindicated with our efforts to expose these groups and reveal their great destruction.
He was expose the villain and restore peace forms the rest of the point.
Many of Meg Cabot's books also try to expose the problems of conformity to achieve acceptance and popularity.
This motivated Orwell to expose and strongly condemn what he saw as the Stalinist corruption of the original socialist ideals.
The trunk is cut open to expose the cavity, and the comb is carefully removed and strapped into standard frames.
Peter watches shocked as Claire jumps from the top of the Ferris Wheel to expose her power to the world.
The player is dealt two cards (as in traditional five-card stud), and that he/she must expose one of them.
Nicholas becomes even more determined to expose Hunter, convinced that he will win a Pulitzer if successful.
These relationship objects expose the other item via a property.
Explorers, who like to discover all areas within the game, including hidden areas and glitches, and expose all game mechanics.
Kings wear long robes that expose their feet.
An expose of Ricord "The Hunt for Andre" was published in Reader's Digest May 1973 pp.
Community Radio IndiaBBC 'Radio raids' expose India's corrupt 29 September 2005.
Trotsky intended to use the forum to expose the NKVD's activities against him and his followers.
Among the complaints were that the loosening of investment protections would expose small and inexperienced investors to fraud.
There have been also attempts to expose problems of voting system by proofs of concept.
Then he proceeded to expose the appendix.
Rahim's letters expose his incredible awareness of American pop culture, including a criticism of Lebron James.
For example, the attacker's arm could be grabbed and pulled downward to expose their head to a knee strike.
The radioactive second-dimension gel is then allowed to expose a large sheet of film.
In 2010 Ben-Menashe helped expose questionable dealing by Arthur Porter, which led to Porter's resignations.
Jacob Riis was only the first in to expose the conditions that the impoverished lived in using photographs.
The oranges then go through roller conveyors, which expose all sides of the fruit.
Elia's brother Oberyn Martell is named Tyrion's champion for his own agenda to expose Gregor as a murderer.
They uncovered other suspicious deaths of officials who attempted to expose the ZNA's involvement in elephant and rhino poaching.
Put simply, classes inside ArcObjects use only COM interfaces to expose their public members and communicate with each other.
Do not expose to air or light unnecessarily.
We use the story to expose the mechanics, and we use the mechanics to tell the story, said Dan Houser.
The event's purpose was to expose Classical Organ Students to the world of theatre organ.
Ducane must decide whether or not to expose Biranne when he makes his report to Octavian.
It will reveal secrets and expose truths surrounded by silence.
Kit warns that he would expose the asylum's secrets if those results don't occur.
That is, the inverse wavelet transform is the adjoint of the wavelet transform.
This was difficult to model because the aged and scarred robots had to transform from clean cars.
The microphones detect pitch using digital signal processing, which analyses the frequency of the incoming signal via Fast Fourier transform.
Like Dante, she can Devil Trigger (transform into a "harpy," a birdlike demon of light).
The Gabor transform has many properties like those of the Fourier transform.
Nearby recreation facilities transform the desert into a popular Valley tourist destination due to availability of activities.
VP8 is a traditional block-based transform coding format.
Zones dynamically transform as a result of player actions and the actions of player guilds.
Extended precision processing, using an extended dynamic range for inter prediction interpolation and inverse transform.
Weapons/GearCaucasus Kabutech ZecterUsed by Issei Kurosaki, this Zecter allows the wearer to transform into Caucasus.
Mike Myers has jokingly said that it took about 64 hours to transform into Fat Bastard's body.
Typically this is done via Short Time Fast Fourier Transform (STFFT).
His consultancy has helped transform profitability for well-known international companies.
Pop Up Parks temporarily or permanently transform underused spaces into community gathering areas through beautification.
In the longer term, the council wishes to transform Dandenong into a more pedestrian oriented and mixed-use centre.
One of the costumed identities her "H Dial" allowed her to transform into was a superheroine named Echo.
It is no longer to transform an opinion but to arouse an active and mythical belief."
There is also an analogue of the convolution theorem for the Hartley transform.
In classical physics, physical configurations need to transform under representations of every symmetry group.
Among his various abilities, he can also transform into a liquid metal.
He also can transform into Scorpion armor like his father.
The translational adaptation transform used in CIELUV has also been shown to perform poorly in predicting corresponding colors.
The project sufficiently successful to transform United Nations strategy and partner with the initiative.
Overall, China Education Resources is helping to transform the curriculum of the world's largest educational system.
Some overwinter as pupae while others transform into adult moths.
It is not possible in general to determine causality from the Laplace transform, because the inverse transform is not unique.
Relative to the Fourier transform, implementation of this transform is more tricky.
There are many different strategies for choosing a projective transform H for each image from all possible solutions.
Vorbis I is a forward-adaptive monolithic transform codec based on the modified discrete cosine transform (MDCT).
The ogre implores Mikito to transform and help.
She can also transform her body into a clear, transparent water like liquid, use it defensively or offensively.
Conjugate harmonic functions and so also the Hilbert transform are associated with the asymptotics of the Poisson kernel.
Only the great artists have been able to evoke that dimension and transform it into myth."
The function eᵃˣ is thus an eigenfunction of the Weierstrass transform.
The Fourier transform of the result is the squared values of the transform of the half-width rectangular window.
Instead of biting them, Dracula uses intense beams from his eyes to transform his victims into vampires.
Adam shared his powers with Amon, allowing him to transform into the superpowered Osiris by saying the name "Black Adam".
Now that the city is facing modernisation, the development authorities have geared up to transform the city.
The current plan is to transform nearly 2,200 rai of land of Tha Sai Luat into an SEZ.
They each have a clover-shaped badge that enables them to transform.
To do so, we first transform into the barycentric coordinates of each triangle.
The Laplace transform of the Heaviside step function is a distribution.
In defining the discrete Zak transform, the input function is a function of an integer variable.
The main purpose of matte glass is to transform the specular reflection into reflection haze.
He can transform again after he accepts rats back into his heart.
Mitochondria are organelles which function to transform energy as a result of cellular respiration.
With the Kirumin, these character-costume-wearing girls can transform into real animals.
The Post Office made a strong case for adding new services that could transform the financial viability of the operation.
He helped establish a program in community medicine, in the process helping Thailand transform its medical education programs.
So System Analysts are required to analyze, transform and ultimately resolve the business problems with the help of technology.
Such settlements are often understood to transform government from an autocratic mode into more pluralistic, democratic form.
The purpose is to transform these ideas into programs of political action to better the future of Spain.
However, note that this transform becomes the original transformas.
This is obtained by applying the inverse transform sampling-method.
University officials say ISELF's function, collaboration, flexibility, scale and sustainability will transform how faculty work and students learn.
Lia (and Polylina) has a robotic pet cat named Milky, who can transform into various weapons.
In one event, a civilization unearths an archeological relic that will eventually transform them into "god-like" beings.
They commissioned designer Cleon Throckmorton to transform the interior of the barn into a theatre.
Orbitrap instruments are similar to Fourier transform ion cyclotron resonance mass spectrometers (see text below).
Work started in late 2001 to transform it, with an estimated total cost of £1.26 million.
Hence we can see that the computation of Hadamard transform is a special case of the MPF problem.
The original core values of the school are to inspire creativity, transform individuals and build community.
Naturally occurring bacteria in the Everglades that function to reduce sulfur also transform mercury deposits into methylmercury.
Through the process of projection, they psychologically transform genetically unrelated individuals into kin.
The introduction of defects in the crystal leads to an asymmetric diffraction pattern with a complex valued inverse Fourier transform.
Mobile telephones have the potential to transform reporting and places the power of reporting in the hands of the public.
These three beings had supernatural powers, often using them to "transform" individuals into creatures, stone figures, or other supernatural event.
It may also be extended to work for evaluating Laplace transform.
Clown quickly shies away as the Freak begins to transform.
In 2002, a 15-year Master Plan was unveiled to transform the zoo.
The motivation behind bandelets is to perform a transform on functions defined as smooth functions on smoothly bounded domains.
It allows developers to connect, model transform and optimize data for both native or web app clients.
Solomon stated her organization aimed to transform the historic building into a new arts center.
Continuous production industries typically use heat or electricity to transform streams of raw materials into finished products.
The loop transform defines the loop representation.
The eastern sides of these floodplains are bounded by strike-slip or transform faults.
In the episode it was able to transform into a plane and could be driven by remote control.
In the late 1980s, work began to transform Civic Hall into a performing arts center.
Naively, we might try to apply the MTF transform directly.
It was intended to transform Puerto Rico's economy from agriculture-based to manufacturing-based to provide more jobs.
But success on the field did not transform itself into success in the stands.
Rather than trying to update, transform or otherwise interpret Nickleby, he has decided to share his enthusiasm for it.
Wavelets are localized in both time and frequency whereas the standard Fourier transform is only localized in frequency.
Valaria is able to transform into a large and powerful beast at will.
The most important one is the Fourier transform.
The result of this state atheism was to transform the Church into a persecuted and martyred Church.
Rather he kept G2 with him, and let the Sazer-X transform again.
The Montebello brothers planned to transform the former hotel into apartments, a 5-star hotel and a yacht marina.
Obtain the normalized cross-correlation by applying the inverse Fourier transform.
Wran was able to transform this narrow one seat victory into landslide wins (known as Wranslide) in 1978 and 1981.
It's about a 15-minute walk from the parking lot to the beach.
Later Iran's space research website uploaded an 18-minute video.
King delivered a 17-minute speech, later known as "I Have a Dream."
Manzonia crispa is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
Since the opening of the line, the line has been served at 20-minute intervals.
Starting in the mid-1970s, another 30-minute edition was presented on DDR2 (launched in 1969) around 9:30pm.
The minute they had lice they just left it alone; the women have a different instinct.
The victory came after a ten-minute period at the end of the match where the Springboks scored three-tries.
Debutant Sean Murray was sent off for a bad tackle on Jim McAlister in the fifth minute of injury time.
The first failed at the five-minute mark.
The 70 minute, one-act work was composed by Richard Peaslee to a libretto by Kenneth Cavander.
His first film was a 30-minute short feature called "55 is the Speed Limit you Know!"
Originally a thirty-minute show, it was extended to forty-five minutes, then later to sixty minutes.
In 1975, Lauda had been the first and only driver to break the seven-minute mark.
It was a music program which starred the singer of the same name, and aired in a 15-minute time-slot.
Less than a minute later another long delivery from Fitzpatrick found Shefflin at the edge of the square.
Audio conversations with 20-second responses, and a two-minute presentation complete the exam.
This version lengthens the drum solo by roughly four minutes and the organ solo by about one minute.
The whole sequence in the final minute of the game was phenomenal.
Crimond Church has an extra minute between the eleven and twelve making for 61 minutes in the hour.
In the 100 Butterfly, Yeo also finally finished in under one minute, winning the race in 59.91s.
When a leaf is viewed against light some minute secretory glands are visible in the vein poligons (areolae).
Crisilla is a genus of minute sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Rissoidae.
Buses run regularly from Knott End there is also a seasonal three-minute ferry crossing to Fleetwood.
However, if the live player was ahead, a "free" minute was earned.
Their legs are short and robust, while the claws are equipped with minute teeth.
It is about Joel Stein, the host of a three-minute rock-star interview show on VH1 called "3 minutes with Joel".
In the 31st minute, a break-away by Switzerland saw Josip Drmic setting up Shaqiri to convert.
Tallied for the first time in 2011 on the game-winner in the 77th minute against Cleveland State (9/14).
On 26 June, Morsi delivered a two-hour-and-forty-minute speech to the nation.
It is only a short twenty-minute drive from Western Carolina University, and the town of Sylva.
Topaginella is a genus of minute fossil sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Cystiscidae.
Minute Muffler, which began in 1969, is based in Lethbridge.
He founded the Specials along with his brother Minute Man, the Weevil, Ms. Indestructible, and Stretchie Boy.
During the exposition, it hosted 50-minute versions of Shakespeare plays.
Each team had ten hours to write, shoot, and edit a two-minute short film based around a quote.
The minute she leaves, Buffy physically attacks Spike and storms off.
Scientists at Stanford University in California have developed a battery that can be charged within one minute.
FC Union Berlin, after coming off the bench to replace Anton Fink in the 89th minute.
His counterpart, T. B. Langton noted that his crew "had an excellent race and enjoyed every minute of it".
Blackrock fought back and a Cummins goal in the 24th minute helped to level matters at the interval.
This 15-minute series was broadcast Sundays at 12:00 p.m. (Eastern) from 15 May to 25 September 1977.
The new trams would allow a five-minute service on the Buckland route and a ten-minute service on the Maxton route.
Until the last minute, he kept expecting the door to open and friends to walk in.
Midfielder Kevin Stewart made his Premier League debut as a 66th-minute substitute, replacing Coutinho.
There is a terminal series of minute indistinct dark fuscous dots.
The deneuralyzer took a minute to complete its job.
The album's lead-off single, "Paranoid", was written in the studio at the last minute.
Due to the space consumed by the multiple grooves, the song itself played for only about one minute.
He was a Four-Minute Man and the director of the Ojai Civic Association.
Yanks for Stalin (1999) is a 60-minute History Undercover series special documentary that aired on the History Channel.
Anatoma micalii is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Anatomidae.
Wilson recognizes the flier as a last-minute smear attempt.
In the same match, he scored his first senior goal for Audax in the 51st minute.
By the time Hodgson restarted his car, he was around one minute down on McKay and Pitt.
The DC Circulator has six lines operating at 10-minute intervals.
Dylan also recorded a six-minute song entitled "Who Loves You More", which is a virtually finished take.
However, he then scored his second goal of the game in the 103rd minute after a pass from Max Christie.
Assiminea rolani is a species of minute operculate snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Assimineidae.
Each lesson lasts 3 hours 15 minutes, with a 15-minute break, in addition to a hypothetical 45 minutes of e-learning.
Commercial breaks occur, on average, every fifteen minutes; news reports every thirty minutes in five-minute durations.
House of Lords Minute of Proceedings of Monday 13 October 2008.
On one occasion, television stations were forced to broadcast a 44-minute-long musical performance contained within a cadena nacional.
The editors dubbed it, "Unadulterated and unabashed bubblegum pop that plays like a three-minute dose of summer."
From the water taxi dock, it's only a few minute taxi ride to the bus stop known as "el cruce."
In making the two-minute film, he videotaped people walking and animated them in walk cycles.
Wintuk was a 90-minute show with a 20-minute intermission.
Until the 2003 rebranding featuring a modernized Sam the Minuteman, the logo featured the Concord Minute Man statue prominently.
They have one minute in which to make their choice.
Gylfi Sigurthsson levelled in the 70th minute, but seven minutes later, Wayne Rooney flicked home the winner.
At the last minute, CBS decided to renew the series for a seventh season.
Munditia owengaensis is a minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Liotiidae.
For each missed target a fixed penalty time, usually one minute, is added to the skiing time of the biathlete.
On the trip, the Prince spent a 15-minute spell behind the controls of the locomotive.
The speaker elaborates on the theme of change ("Minute by minute they change (48).
Each 30-second frame begins precisely on the minute or half-minute as indicated by the atomic clock on each satellite.
Caecum subvolutum is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Caecidae.
However the 2003 event lifted some controversy when China decided to pull out from the tournament at the last minute.
The bladder is often small, nondistensible and may be filled with a minute amount of fluid.
It takes a 15-minute drive from Belgrade Nikola Tesla Airport to the Arena.
Play was largely uneventful from then until the 56th minute, when Charlie George again shot wide from long distance.
Labo played his first game on 22 August 2007 against Zambia, appearing as substitute in minute 60.
Setia impolite is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.
The 15-minute show was hosted by famous sports announcer Russ Hodges.
He came as a substitute in the second group game against Japan, replacing Jehad Al Hussain in the 77th minute.
Cray's "two minute portraits" are large-scale self-portraits, inquiring into the persistence of the photographic image.
On June 13, 2016, it was announced that 4Minute have decided to disband.
Perfume member Kashiyuka further elaborated; "I enjoy recording our albums more than standalone singles because we get more songs!
She also starred in independent films Perfume, G and The Killing Zone.
Famous commercials of the perfume were directed by Jean-Paul Goude.
The finished potpourri was set out in special pots with perforated lids to perfume rooms.
The perfume debuted in the US in September, 2009, with international distribution to follow.
The song was included on the group's 180 Gram vinyl compilation box set, Perfume: Complete LP Box (2016).
Jade considers releasing her own perfume brand and opening up more branches of her salon.
This became Kurkdjian's first success at perfume making.
He and his brother Li Hsien (Li Xian) were well known perfume merchants who lived in the 900s AD.
The Perfume Shop is a United Kingdom perfume retailer founded in 1992.
Chinthurst School was founded in 1908 by Miss Alice Katherine Atkins in a perfume factory.
In Perfume, Whishaw played Jean-Baptiste Grenouille, a perfume maker whose craft turns deadly.
Flowers of the plant provide the perfume essence from which the biologically important sesquiterpenoid farnesol is named.
Perfume: Complete Best is an electronic dance album that borrows numerous musical elements including technopop, electro house and J-pop.
L'eau d'Issey is a perfume for women produced for Japanese fashion designer Issey Miyake.
She then appeared on the May issue of Amica and became the face of Vivienne Westwood's Let It Rock perfume.
They form a person's initial impression of a perfume and thus are very important in the selling of a perfume.
Your grooming, posture, the sound of your voice and your perfume play a part in the total picture you create."
Without perfume or aftershave, we unconsciously detect people's natural scents: in the form of pheromones.
The rest consists of water and the denaturants, with or without color additives, and perfume oils.
Grasse has had a prospering perfume industry since the end of the 18th century.
When she poured this perfume on my body, she did it to prepare me for burial.
Their perfume is described as fruity with citrus undertones.
Henri is also a painter and has launched his own brand of perfume.
In Wes Anderson's film The Grand Budapest Hotel, the main character's ubiquitous perfume is called 'L'air de Panache'.
Meek, henpecked Alvin Atterbury is a chemist for a perfume factory.
Firmenich SA is a private Swiss company in the perfume and flavor business.
In September 2011, the second perfume series Michalsky Urban Nomads for men and women was launched.
Azarius assures him that he will make a perfume that will dispel the spirit.
The Javal owned the perfume house Houbigant, the second oldest perfume house in Europe.
One of the customers for this perfume was Boy Capel, Coco Chanel's lover.
Galimard is the first French perfume creator/manufacturer and based in Grasse.
The flower has essential oils and can be used to make perfume.
Coco Chanel had worked with Ernest Beaux on her original perfume, Chanel No.
They were used to perfume garments and bedclothes, and even to kill insects.
The perfume was launched a year before she died.
Its main adornment, a tassel (furakha) sewn into the neckline, can be impregnated with perfume.
Hopkins' original mentor in perfume production was George Diamond, who holds many patents in perfume production.
Atkinsons of London is a British perfume house founded in London in 1799.
Since Claire is unable to wear the perfume due to prison rules, she gives it to Betty.
To coincide with the film's release, clothing and fragrance company Thierry Mugler released a fifteen-piece perfume coffret.
Dixie Love Perfume was noted for a fragrance to encourage romance.
The genus name is derived from the Greek kakos ("bad, ugly") and -osma ("smell, stink, fragrant odour, scent, perfume").
In August 2013, Perfume announced the release of their fourth studio album entitled Level3.
To promote the "Uninhibited" perfume, Cher filmed two commercials.
On April 29, 2015, Perfume released a double A-side single Relax In The City/Pick Me Up.
He created a perfume with this name in 1916 along with scented sachets and powders.
The scent of the perfume is known to be more "sweet" than its previous bottle.
Historically, ointment-like unguents have been used as a type of solid perfume since Egyptian times.
The essential oil is used as a perfume ingredient, but the plant has other culinary and medicinal uses.
Jewels are another manifestation of beauty, and certainly perfume smells better than perspiration!
Traditionally girls wear perfume, and make-up such as eyeshadow, lipstick and blush.
Just before he is knocked unconscious by an unseen assailant, he smells jasmine, the same aroma as Coral's perfume.
Sometimes they contained several partitions, in each of which was placed a different perfume.
Bangles, bridalwear, pearls, Attar (perfume) and the traditional Hyderabadi glass and stone studded bangles are all sold here.
Methyl cinnamate is used in the flavor and perfume industries.
Marissa G. Muller of MTV compared the packaging with the foil of Jay-Z's Gold perfume.
Introduction of new production methods turned perfume making into a real industry that could adapt to new market demands.
She giggles while reading it, then disappears and returns with another letter with perfume on it.
Lavender oil has long been used in the production of perfume.
Rubber, perfume, and dairy products are also processed in the capital.
Introduced in 1889, it is the oldest continuously-produced perfume in the world.
In 2005, he launched his own perfume range and the following year he was appointed Creative Director at Emilio Pucci.
His son Alvin Francis Lindsay, Jr. was chairman of Roure Bertrand Dupont, a perfume supplier from Teaneck, New Jersey.
He is an avid perfume collector, and has more than a hundred bottles in his collection.
This perfume earned Pierre-Francois the prestigious title of being His Majesty's Official Perfumer.
She has appeared in commercials for and been spokeswoman for Thierry Mugler's perfume Womanity.
Some dolls were even sprayed with perfume.
Other manufactured products include perfume (jasmine oil and attar) and incense, furniture, carpets, chemical fertiliser and cement.
She does carry, however, a perfume atomizer that sprays gas, earrings and charm bracelets that explode, among other interesting gadgets."
Balsam of Peru is used as a marker for perfume allergy.
Perry also described the perfume as "edible".
She was the face and the spokesperson of the perfume Ange ou Démon by Givenchy from 2006 to 2008.
The perfume Fantasy Twist is a combination of two of Britney's most popular fragrances Fantasy and Midnight Fantasy.
Heat is a perfume endorsed by Beyoncé.
Normally the wine is made dry but the fruitiness and perfume of the bouquet can suggest sweetness.
This is more common in smaller or independent perfume houses.
In October 2010, Sparks released her first perfume, Because of You.
Perfume sales in the United States from 1940 to 1945 had increased tenfold, Chanel No.
He left school early to pursue various solo entrepreneurial schemes including the large scale manufacture of counterfeit perfume.
Clients can create their own personalized perfume during the Tarinology fragrance course workshop.
Yasutaka-produced group Perfume also appeared on the episode.
In April 2014, Grant launched his new unisex perfume, JACK, exclusively at Liberty of Regent Street.
By 1922 Leon was the European Manager for Maja perfume and the family moved out of Amsterdam to Bilthoven.
It is used in perfume making, has been written about as an aphrodisiac and is the state flower of Florida.
Colby (Brianne Moncrief), JR's sister, gets sick, but no one notices that it is due to the perfume.
Amber gets Lisa a new hairstyle and some perfume.
The music video was first uploaded on April 23, 2013, and was directed by Perfume and Sakanaction collaborator Kazuaki Seki.
New perfume set to embrace smells from the wild side".
The Nuvo bottle looks like a large perfume bottle.
Later that year, privately owned O.M. Scott & Sons was purchased by ITT, the international business conglomerate.
Norwich radio station North Norfolk Digital is bought out by a multinational conglomerate, with staff members facing redundancies.
Eugene V. Klein later became CEO of National, and turned it into the conglomerate National General.
In 1981, with the acquisition of its parent conglomerate, Miller's became a part of Allied Stores.
The DYNO brand is now sold by Pacific Cycle a subsidiary of the Canadian conglomerate Dorel Industries.
This channel is a part of Japanese media conglomerate Sony.
For a conglomerate, a rock is considered matrix-supported when clasts constitute less than 15% of its volume.
Today the company is part of the AGCO Allis conglomerate.
In March 2000 Santillana, which publishes over 117 million books each year, was acquired by the Spanish conglomerate PRISA.
The Red Canyon Conglomerate, the basal member of the Moenkopi, fills broad east-flowing paleochannels carved into the Kaibab Limestone.
Creative Eye Limited is an Indian Media conglomerate integrated media and entertainment company.
With over 150 container ships it is part of the Evergreen Group conglomerate of transportation firms and associated companies.
In Cuba and the Dominican Republic, the basic conglomerate unit of a sugar production is usually called an ingenio.
The township was developed by Sime Darby Property, the property development arm of the Malaysian conglomerate, Sime Darby Berhad.
Schimmelbusch was the Chief Executive Officer (1989 to 1993) of Metallgesellschaft, a German industrial conglomerate.
In 1921, the newspaper was purchased by European businessman John Oakshott Robinson who added it to his business conglomerate.
The brand is owned by MTV Networks International (part of the Viacom conglomerate).
In 1986, Japanese cosmetics conglomerate Kanebo acquired minority a stake in the company.
In 2016, he founded the label THE BLACK LABEL, a subsidiary of K-pop conglomerate YG Entertainment.
The grayish-purple to grayish-red conglomerate and sandstone is cemented largely by hematite and microcrystalline quartz.
The Airlines of Europe conglomerate quickly unravelled, with Norway Airlines following its former UK-based parent into liquidation.
He is a director of conglomerate Aitken Spence PLC.
Seamark Group is a multinational food processing conglomerate wholesale company with offices in Manchester, Chittagong, New Jersey and Brooklyn.
Today, the group is a US$1 billion organization, and one of India's leading business conglomerate.
In the southeast and northwest, conglomerate rock from the Cretaceous period is found.
It is part of the Gruppo Editoriale L'Espresso media conglomerate.
The Bargy Conglomerate is a geologic formation in France.
Today the city is the headquarters of the copper conglomerate Kazakhmys, the city's main employer.
In New Jersey, feldspar pebbly sandstone and conglomerate, and quartz-pebble conglomerate are also mapped.
The sedimentary rocks in the vicinity of the thermal springs consist of shale, chert, novaculite, sandstone, and conglomerate.
He is one of the founding members of the production team The Conglomerate (aka The Conglomm).
He is the president of "UAI" which is a conglomerate of munitions industries.
Shingo Takemoto was the president of the new company which distributed its products through porn conglomerate Soft On Demand.
Pechiney SA was a major aluminium conglomerate based in France.
Shevell is vice-president of a family-owned transportation conglomerate which owns New England Motor Freight.
Armada Asset Management, LLC is a business conglomerate holding company providing asset management services, consulting, and threat reduction/security services.
He founded the chain of newspapers that continues today as Cox Enterprises, a media conglomerate.
On phytosaurian remains from the Magnesian Conglomerate of Bristol (Rileya platyodon).
The company began by selling broadcast rights from Paramount Pictures to the Mediaset media conglomerate.
Muscat is home to multibillion-dollar conglomerate Ck Industries with their headquarters located in Ruwi.
Union was part of the Vestey, a British pastoral conglomerate owned by Lord Vestey.
Further upstream, there is alluvium, Wisconsinan Ice-Contact Stratified Drift, and bedrock consisting of coal, conglomerate, sandstone, and shale.
In 2002, Kozel merged with the brewery Radegast and the Pilsner Urquell brewery conglomerate SABMiller.
Diller is currently the CEO of the Internet conglomerate IAC/InterActiveCorp.
The Udin Woods is a glacial remnant, as shown by its gravelly or conglomerate composition.
Today, the rushing water flows over a shale riverbed, between ledges made of Sharon conglomerate sandstone.
He is currently the president and chief executive officer of the Nigerian conglomerate, Transnational Corporation of Nigeria Plc (Transcorp Plc).
In this way sand becomes "sandstone", and gravel becomes "conglomerate" or "breccia".
The Vidya Bharti Education Trust is a conglomerate of educational institutions.
The Libra Group, aka Libra Holdings, is a privately held international conglomerate operating in a variety of industries.
In this book he discussed his experiences directing a large multi-national conglomerate.
His entertainment conglomerate was composed of 92 different business units by 1969.
In June 2016, the Antonov Corporation merged with the state-owned military conglomerate UkrOboronProm, forming Ukrainian Aircraft Corporation within its structure.
Viacom Inc. (originally an initialism of Video & Audio Communications) was an American media conglomerate.
In 1990, Time Inc. merged with Warner Communications to form the media conglomerate Time Warner.
His work centers on managing his family's conglomerate, the Santo Domingo Group.
The Formation is made up of over 5000 feet (1500 m) of mudstone, siltstone, and conglomerate.
Conglomerate masses can also develop in sarcoidosis, but usually near the hilae and with surrounding paracitricial emphysema.
Locally abundant siltstone, conglomerate, and intraformational breccia can also be seen in this member.
Amsterdam is part of the conglomerate metropolitan area Randstad, with a total population of 6,659,300 inhabitants.
Among its holdings, the international mining conglomerate owned Société Le Nickel (SLN) in New Caledonia.
In 1999 French luxury goods conglomerate LVMH bought nearly 100 percent of the Swiss company.
Sapat Group, also known as Sapat, is a diversified corporate conglomerate headquartered in Mumbai, India.
The brand was bought over by Hong Kong-based conglomerate Li & Fung in 2012.
Since 2001, Technicolor has been part of the French-headquartered electronics and media conglomerate Thomson.
The lower consists of a Doric colonnade of conglomerate stone, with an orthodox classical entablature formed of triglyphs and metopes.
Action Group is an industrial conglomerate and manufacturer of the Action Shoes brand.
North of the town centre is Kamnitnik Hill (414 metres or 1,358 feet high), known for its conglomerate rock.
Since 1926, the BEST has been sourcing its power from Tata Power, part of the Tata Group conglomerate.
ELQ (Edward Louis Quartermaine Industries/Enterprises/International) is a multinational conglomerate headquartered in Port Charles.
It consists of layers of conglomerate, sandstone, claystone and gypsum, partly covered with modern fill.
The company is a member of Ignite Media Group, a Macau-based media conglomerate.
TavanBogd Group is a privately owned Mongolian conglomerate, owning and operating subsidiaries in multiple business sectors.
Chinese conglomerate Dalian Wanda Group has owned the company since 2013.
The Matemateaonga Formation (7-5 Ma) consists of shellbeds, siltstones and sandstones with interbedded conglomerate.
IG Farben was a German chemical and pharmaceutical industry conglomerate.
The Casma Group include the following lithologies: gypsum, limestone, marl, tuff, lava flows, sandstone and conglomerate.
When the conglomerate split into several parts in 1999, Chung Mong-koo took over the Hyundai Motor division.
In early 2007, the Portuguese conglomerate, Sonae's takeover offer for Portugal Telecom failed.
Hong Leong Financial Group Berhad (MYX: 1082) is a conglomerate based in Malaysia.
I&M Holdings Limited, also I&M Bank Group, is a conglomerate comprising financial service providers (banks and an insurance company).
Reek da Villian left Flipmode in 2009, but because of business reasons, he then headed to the Conglomerate, as well.
This was followed by the Radfords Creek Group which has a base of a conglomerate of chert and basalt fragments.
In 2007, Mooks was acquired by the Pacific Brands conglomerate from Globe International.
BGFIBank Group is a large financial services conglomerate in Central, West and East Africa, with subsidiaries in ten (10) countries.
The company traces its roots to the Mitsubishi conglomerate founded by Yataro Iwasaki.
In 1988 the company sold its partial ownership in Royal Caribbean Cruise Line and bought the conglomerate Kosmos.
The conglomerate was derived from the highlands of the uplifted Tyennan Block and is up to 1500 meters thick.
Unitrin, Inc. was founded in April 1990 when it was spun off from Henry Singleton's conglomerate Teledyne.
This conglomerate would later be known as Media General.
Unlike many other semantic formalisms, predicate transformer semantics was not designed as an investigation into foundations of computation.
In a non-vebal predicative clause the subject precedes the predicate, except in focus constructions where the order is reversed.
Relators and linkers: The syntax of predication, predicate inversion, and copulas (Vol. 47).
Instead, the verb is the predicate, and the noun phrases are its arguments.
Each predicate is available for an interrogative and declarative statement, and can also have multiple predicates conjoined.
The speaker asserts that the idea expressed in the predicate is completed, or to emphasize that it is currently underway.
Proofs in the predicate logic and Euclidean geometry problem spaces are prime examples of the domain the applicability of GPS.
However, it is common but not necessary for the predicate to head the sentence.
Some authors refer to "predicate logic with identity" to emphasize this extension.
In 1922 Behmann proved that the monadic predicate calculus is decidable.
Embedded queries supported include subquery expressions, expr IN (subselect), quantified comparisons, and the EXISTS (subselect) predicate.
Robinson argues that, if predicate dualism is correct, then there are "special sciences" that are irreducible to physics.
When it appears in a formula together with a predicate variable, they are referred to as an existential quantifier.
For pieces of code that apply more than one design predicate, integration complexity ratings can be combined.
Other ways of disambiguating the arguments of a transitive predicate (subject agreement, word order restriction, context, intonation, etc.
In the example above ancestor is an intensional predicate symbol, and parent is extensional.
This predicate can be used for appending, but also for picking lists apart.
An overload taking a predicate, counts the number of elements matching the predicate.
The argument concept is tied to the predicate concept in a way that the complement concept is not.
The weight of predicates: A dependency grammar analysis of predicate weight in German.
This disjunction cannot be a kind-predicate and therefore the entire statement cannot be a law of physics.
For this case, the predicate Covers has more intuitive semantics (see definition), avoiding boundary considerations.
The predicate in traditional grammar is inspired by propositional logic of antiquity (as opposed to the more modern predicate logic).
This predicate is defined recursively in Lines 4 and 5.
First, let's show that if B is a hard-core predicate for f then Gl is indeed pseudorandom.
InterProlog, a programming library bridge between Java and Prolog, implementing bi-directional predicate/method calling between both languages.
The branch predicate might be the empty predicate which is always true.
Much like other Semitic languages, Neo-Mandaic employs a predicate locative construction to express the notion of possession.
Capell puts the structures in term of actor, predicate and goal.
There are also cases in which the adverb must immediately precede the predicate.
On 23 September 1633 in Ebersdorf, Emperor Ferdinand II gave him the predicate von Vehlingen.
Sentences are always predicate final, and all of the signs from the open lexical classes can function as predicates.
The proposition is then true if and only if the subject is in the extension of the predicate.
The selbri is the logical predicate of a bridi.
When used as a copula, with a predicate, "I am X", then usage is equivalent to English.
In each of these sentences, the underlined expression functions as a predicate over the nominal immediately to its left.
In mathematical logic, a sentence of a predicate logic is a boolean-valued well-formed formula with no free variables.
These healthiness conditions are typically expressed as monotonic idempotent predicate transformers.
Probabilistic Predicate Transformers are an extension of predicate transformers for probabilistic programs.
When used alone, without a predicate, "I am", "he is", "they are", typically mean "I exist" etc.
They may predicate sentences and inflect for past, negative, etc.
This particular type of copular comes before the predicate in Lishanid Noshan very often.
The predicate is also a literal, the MLR data element specification (DES) identifier.
Define a predicate to the effect that the letters making up a term number six.
It recognizes another predicate in the first predicate, thus conceiving a subject indirectly by means of a remote predicate.
Two fundamental kinds of quantification in predicate logic are universal quantification and existential quantification.
The beta existential graphs, with a single binary predicate denoting set membership.
Such a relation (predicate) is implemented as a relation (set) exactly as described in the previous section.
If a predicate product existed prior to February 15, 2007, applicants can apply via the Substantial Equivalence (SE) regulatory pathway.
As with all canonical penalties, there are predicate conditions attached.
In some discourses, Wright argued, the role of the truth predicate might be played by the notion of superassertibility.
Ackermann (1937) and Rado (1964) constructed the Rado graph using the BIT predicate as follows.
The notion of predicate entrenchment is not required.
Pure reason, however, wrongly wants to know the subject of every predicate.
The main stress is inserted either on the predicate phrase or on la, the negator in Lishanid Noshan.
The normal word order is that subject is preceded by predicate.
Definitions in KL-ONE can be directly mapped to set theory and the predicate calculus.
Where possible, a relation (understood as a binary predicate) is implemented as (which may be written as ).
The head of a verbal predicate is the verb.
Full sentences are defined asIf is an n-ary predicate symbol, and are singular variable symbols, then is a sentence.
The grammar of English predicate complement constructions.
All instances of a predicate letter may be replaced by another predicate letter of the same degree, without affecting validity.
This became popular, mainly using the Horn Clause subset of first order predicate calculus.
However, in none of these cases does the subject concept contain the predicate concept.
The "predicate rules" that required organizations to keep records the first place are still in effect.
The attributes not included correspond to existentially quantified variables in the predicate whose extension the operand relation represents.
We can say that is an ultimate subject that is not the predicate of yet another subject.
Kant explains that being not being a predicate could not characterize a thing.
The semantic arguments of the predicate, in contrast, remain consistent, e.g.Jack is liked by Jill.
The word one is used to emphasise the predicate of the sentence by implying that it is unique and characteristic.
One author describes predicate logic as combining "the distinctive features of syllogistic logic and propositional logic."
Other names for a stretched verb include "supported verb", "expanded predicate", "verbo-nominal phrase", and "delexical verb combination".
Each predicate P in the ontology has a list of other same-arity predicates with which P is mutually exclusive.
These processes are allowed to communicate in order to arrive at a consensus on a predicate.
It is used in the Gospel of John both with and without a predicate nominative.
The predicate:"For all childnames: "childname is the name of a child in family Fα".
In other cases, the value of the predicate is automatically converted to a boolean.
Unlike clauses, phrases do not contain a subject and predicate; they are contrasted here:We left the convention the day before.
All edges have associated with them a condition or a branch predicate.
From where does such a predicate enter logic?
The axiom of induction is, in logical symbols,where P is any predicate and k and n are both natural numbers.
With this, members of the house received the predicate Illustrious Highness.
The predicate itself is considered as a resource and identified by a URI.
The standard declarative sentence is divided into two immediate constituents, a subject NP and a predicate VP.
This understanding of predicates sometimes renders a predicate and its arguments in the following manner:Bob laughed.
Thus, a predicate P(x) will be true or false, depending on whether x belongs to a set.
Saul Kripke contends that a natural language can in fact contain its own truth predicate without giving rise to contradiction.
Only the evaluation of a defined predicate appeals to the hypotheses.
These form the basis of model theory as the domain of discourse of predicate logic.
This logic-functional programming language establish different determinism categories for predicate modes as explained in the ref.
Due to the contrast between their personalities, he also has a far more genial appearance to his face.
In contrast, an ornate titi may stay in sleeping site for up to four hours after sunrise in colder months.
Use of the terms quartal and quintal arises from a contrast, compositional or perceptual, with traditional tertian harmonic constructions.
This technique is used mostly for high contrast data.
Phonologically, Etruscan appears uncomplicated, with a four-vowel system and an apparent contrast between aspirated and unaspirated stops.
By contrast to the south east the fell ends in White Horse Bent, the abrupt ridge-end descent to the Glenderamackin.
His paintings often depict real life objects embued with enhanced color and contrast for a super-lifelike effect.
By contrast, online models include some automatic procedure to adapt to new process data.
In contrast, sharia in its traditional form, had no appeals system and gave local judges final say.
Theories of syntax that employ X-bar theory, in contrast, will acknowledge many individual words as phrases.
In contrast, bicalutamide and other are not associated with these adverse effects.
In contrast to most other coastal regions in Vietnam, the South Central Coast's terrain is not mainly flat.
In contrast, the analytical stereoplotter has no substantial limitations on focal length or scale.
By contrast, wooden items retrieved from the Egyptian pyramids have a new and fresh appearance after 4000 years of storage.
Lighting creates the 2D pattern of contrast the brain interprets to recognize 3D objects in photographs.
In contrast to both his parents' girth, Lajoska appears pale and impoverished, with a thin anemic frame and haunted visage.
For one, 16% of Skopjans graduated university in contrast to 10% for the rest of the country.
In contrast, a "descriptive" definition can be shown to be "right" or "wrong" with reference to general usage.
In contrast, MR-IOV allows I/O PCI Express to share resources among different VMs on different physical machines.
This announcement was a sharp contrast with the former official doctrine that Indonesia was a wingewest (region for making profit).
In contrast to the Cartesian "pure and rational subjectivity," Marx introduced social activity as the force that produces rationality.
Variation X.In contrast to the preceding number, Variation 10 is Allegro energico, fast and exhilarating.
The film, by contrast, was released only in mono sound.
The S.V. cars continued now known as Morris Minors in contrast to the Morris Family Eight cars.
In contrast to other types of generators, the output voltage never changes polarity.
By contrast, the goal of Mahayana is Buddhahood.
In contrast to Mein Kampf, in Zweites Buch Hitler added a fourth stage to the Stufenplan.
By contrast, the Tosa is written in the Japanese language, using phonetic kana characters.
This was in stark contrast to a much higher rates of around thirty percent or higher.
By contrast, most of the townspeople favored the rebels.
The Eastern Conference finals were a contrast of styles between the offensively explosive Senators and the defense minded Devils.
In contrast, SCOPE Maastricht organizes events for the whole student body.
This is in contrast to surviving routes in Italy and other Roman provinces within western Europe.
In contrast, a modern 757 carries up to 220 passengers and burns around 7000 pounds per hour.
In contrast, carbon dioxide is mostly transported extracellularly as bicarbonate ion transported in plasma.
In contrast, secondary ossification centers appear later at the epiphyses of the cartilage and develop similarly to the diaphysis.
In contrast, the social identification perspective assumes that the personal and social selves are hydraulically related to one another.
It is used in contrast to extracellular (outside the cell).
This is a sharp contrast to New Yorks system of Free Banking.
Development in contrast: from the sixteenth to the mid-nineteenth century.
The blind ending glandular paraprostate is longer and thinner than the prostate, and in contrast to the latter, highly coiled.
Iobitridol is a molecule used as a contrast medium in X-ray imaging.
The frozen sections are mounted on a glass slide and may be stained to enhance the contrast between different tissues.
Such MRI contrast agents shorten the relaxation times of nuclei within body tissues following oral or intravenous administration.
Bookends, in contrast to the soundtrack album, follows a unified concept, exploring a life journey from childhood to old age.
Selosse wines are fermented using oak barrels, in contrast to the majority of Champagne producers who use stainless steel tanks.
By contrast, a hard conversion or an adaptive conversion may not be exactly equivalent.
Tommy was a fast talking Liverpudlian, while Ronald in contrast was upper class and Eton-educated.
In contrast, marijuana is not physically addictive, though some users do become psychologically dependent on the drug.
In contrast to checkers, multiple men in a row are jumped and removed as a group.
The charter has 13 clauses, in contrast to the 60 of the Magna Carta.
This is in contrast with the pain which is mediated by superficial receptors in, e.g., the skin.
For "Get on Top", I wanted to play something that would create a contrast between the solo and the background."
By contrast, in the EU, over 50% of paper is recycled.
In the field of transmission electron microscopy, phase-contrast imaging may be employed to image columns of individual atoms.
In contrast, flagellate cells in other eukaryote groups propel themselves with one or more anterior flagella (see Zoospore morphological types).
Pullach station shows a strong contrast even in the originally open platform area.
One objective was for the script to starkly contrast with the way the anime was to be marketed.
By contrast plant steroids are produced via cycloartenol.
Vanessa, in contrast, receives a text from Jenny that she confessed everything to Blair.
The Costa Internal, by contrast, is crossed by perennial rivers that may flood during the rainy season, sometimes forming swamps.
The salary freeze was in contrast to OU president Gary Russi, who had just received a $100,000 raise.
Minimum ionizing muons, in contrast produce very sharp rings as their heavier mass allows them to propagate directly.
The group's membership as of 2016 is estimated at 500 members, in contrast to the AAP's over 60,000 members.
In sharp contrast to Grant are the sculpture groups on either side, Cavalry Charge and Artillery, which.
In contrast to charter and private schools, magnet schools generally foster racial integration rather than hinder it.
In contrast with World War I-era guns, the M1931 had split trail carriage, allowing for much wider traverse angle.
In contrast, an open format is a file format that is published and free to be used by everybody.
In contrast, sea otters and manatees often drink sea and fresh water.
In Old High German, a is a narrow footpath or bridleway in contrast to a or military road.
In contrast, the long-nosed Rolfosteus measured just 15 cm.
See unsharp masking: local contrast enhancement for details.
By contrast, a previous study in 2008 had found only 38 percent of lemur species were at risk of extinction.
By contrast, the word "consists" means "consists only of", which will lead to a very different scope of protection.
In urban and suburban areas, in contrast, clouds enhance the effect of skyglow, particularly for longer wavelengths.
By contrast, there were only 30,000 engineers and 15,000 doctors in Israel in 1989.
In contrast, these substrates are unaffected by sodium borohydride.
In contrast winter is very cold and harsh.
The show offered (and became famous because of) a stark contrast to Top 40 music videos shown during the day.
Interband contrast increases ventrally and caudally, and is particularly pronounced in small specimens.
The south part of the island is densely packed with trees, a significant contrast to the north.
He cast a sharp contrast with the much rougher figure of Arthur Calwell, who had already lost two elections.
An unknown poet kept five stanzas unchanged, in contrast to the usual two for opening and closing a chorale cantata.
Again, the floor of the rift valley is quite flat here providing a marked contrast to the escarpment.
In contrast, the museum has an essentially complete collection of all airplane types developed or used by Poland after 1945.
The Torre Colpatria's complex includes a separate ten-floor building, built to give contrast to the main tower's height.
Gilpin advocated approaching the landscape "by the rules of picturesque beauty," which emphasized contrast and variety.
In contrast, Next Generation felt the genre-blending resulted in generic gameplay at times.
By contrast, the summer months are some of the most cloud-free in Canada.
The colloidal synthesis of nanoparticles by contrast is a low temperature process.
The food is produced by Compact AS, based in Norway, and purchased by agencies through UNICEF.
Compact disc versions of the promotional single which contain the 'Out of the Blue' remix are even rarer.
Allerton was a signatory to the Mayflower Compact.
The original cover art was not used in the two different compact disc reissues of the album.
The compact and rounded shrub typically grows to a height of 0.1 to 0.3 metres (0.3 to 1.0 ft).
The 3,100,000-square-foot (290,000 m²) factory opened in 1981 and produced the company's compact pickup trucks.
The Vision (MJ7) is a compact, spring-powered jet injector.
It was released as a compact disc in Australia on 3 November 2007.
First-ever detection of massive compact halo objects (MACHOs), a suspected but previously undetected component of dark matter.
The Jaguar X-Type was a compact executive car launched in 2001, while the company was under Ford ownership.
The Driver License Compact came into existence with Nevada becoming the first member in 1960.
The precipitated minerals form a cement and make the rock more compact and competent.
Compact flocks of brahminy ducks, as well as shovellers, pintails, gadwall, teals, pochards, geese and coots, are also seen.
It is characterized by a compact and modular design, which encompasses several different functions in one module.
The compact west tower has a western doorway.
SkyStar 100A mini aerostat compact system, that can be transported, assembled, launched and operated by two personnel with minimal training.
Forward of the bunks was the crew's head complete with a compact sink, shower and commode.
The compact disc running order is the same, except disc two ends with "Jet Pilot" inserted after "Isis."
It was originally released in 1985 on compact audio cassette.
It is a compact, smooth manifold of dimension 3, and is a special case Gr(1, R⁴) of a Grassmannian space.
The terminology "limit point compact" appears in a topology textbook by James Munkres, and is apparently due to him.
SoloH revamped the source code to produce software that converted compact-disc tracks into music files of acceptable quality."
Later that year Inferno opened at Terra Mitica in Spain with an identical compact layout.
Regarded as extremely compact without sacrificing completeness, it would become the model for later specialist technical texts or sutras.
The compact four-seater body was mounted on a tubular steel chassis with cross members and a platform of sheet steel.
It produced a range of compact digital cameras under the Jenoptik brand.
In March 2008 the paper changed to compact style.
The world leader in compact satellite systems, Surrey Satellites, is also part of Astrium.
However, Nash equilibrium exists if the set of choices is compact with continuous payoff.
The fist is compact and thus effective as a weapon.
The 2003 Vibe arrived in spring 2002, a Toyota-based compact wagon built at the NUMMI joint-venture plant.
The Sussex Spaniel is a low compact spaniel similar in appearance to a small, dark Clumber Spaniel.
The Coolpix L15 is a compact point-and-shoot digital camera produced by Nikon.
Sarajevo's location in a valley between mountains makes it a compact city.
Compact design with interchangeable lenses and interchangeable pentaprism finders.
It features compact packaging, broad low-torque applications, and reliable operation.
Both SF and SF Compact each have two optical sizes: "display" for large and "text" for small text.
The genus of a compact surface is defined as the genus of the corresponding closed surface.
The weapon used by the perpetrator was a Sphinx Systems model AT380 sub-compact pistol, legally owned by Berisha's brother.
The TFIIS N-terminal domain is a compact four-helix bundle.
Compact fluorescent lights use two-thirds less energy and may last 6 to 10 times longer than incandescent lights.
As a topological space it is compact, contractible, path connected and locally path connected.
The Canon PowerShot G1 X is a large sensor digital compact camera announced by Canon on January 9, 2012.
Continuous Assessment Scores are however submitted on compact disks to the Council.
The Nikon Coolpix P7800 is a digital compact camera announced by Nikon on September 5, 2013.
The BMW X3 is a compact luxury crossover SUV manufactured by German automaker BMW since 2003.
According to the constitutional scholar A. G. Noorani, the Article 370 records a "solemn compact."
Latest developments in Texas Instruments DLP near-infrared spectrometers enable the next generation of embedded compact, portable systems.
Henry sees them through a compact mirror but throws it away when Pan approaches.
The post-reformation kirk appears to have been a compact vaulted structure intruded within the west transepts in about 1748.
Stockhausen Complete Edition: Compact Disc 10 A-B-C-D (4 CDs)Hymnen Elektronische Musik mit Orchester.
Hurricane King struck Miami around midnight local time with a very compact area of strong winds.
This car-sharing initiative also includes a common pool of compact electric cars.
The space of all continuous functions from a compact subset to the real line is separable.
The album was released in both Compact Disc and vinyl formats.
In Upper Canada (Ontario), the Reform movement was formed in opposition to the Family Compact.
Minimal Compact was an Israeli rock band associated with the post-punk and indie rock movement of the 1980s.
The Montana Water Court issued a final decree governing this compact in October 2005.
Hitmixes was released as a compact disc on August 25, 2009 in Canada only by Universal Music Canada.
However, the required congressional authority to form a compact was never granted.
The augmented simplex category provides a simple example of a compact closed category.
As per the University, the objective of project was to provide development experience of compact space systems to students.
It was printed in broadsheet format for 87 years, though it is now of compact (tabloid) size.
Below this in turn is a compact gray sandstone.
The compact body and frame suited a small, straight-four engine choice like the Ford 1.6, 2.0, or 2.3 liter offering.
Therefore, as a manifold S³ is diffeomorphic to SU(2) and so SU(2) is a compact, connected Lie group.
Duff's device provides a compact loop unrolling by using the case keyword both inside and outside the loop.
The primary use of this revolver is self-defense, based on its compact small-frame design.
The album was first reissued as a compact disc (CD) in 1988 on record label Flarenasch, under the title Viens.
Despite its success, to date, it is the only Rick James album not available on compact disc.
It is a very compact tree, dwarf and column growing.
The base change of a quasi-compact morphism is quasi-compact.
Jordan was granted full compact eligibility, despite objections from Freedom House for its lack of full political and civil rights.
Bulgarian railwaymen gave them nickname "Mother Bear" because they looked fat, clumsy and compact.
The central compact object (CCO) was discovered in 2001.
Compact beam sodars also reduce the effect of fixed echos and allow a more compact unit design.
Although it eliminated the Whittle-style "folding", the Goblin was still a very compact design.
They are compact com devices that are worn around the wrists.
The campus is compact, with most of the major buildings located within the space of a single city block.
Between 2001 and 2006, CxProcess was used in various Minolta and Konica Minolta digital compact cameras, bridge cameras and DSLRs.
Other motorcycle manufacturers have patented similar designs, including Arturo Magni for MV Agusta and Moto Guzzi's Compact Reactive Shaft Drive.
The album was released by Walt Disney Records on cassette and compact disc in October 1992.
Players use a mounted gun to control onscreen crosshairs and shoot enemies using compact discs.
The album was re-released on compact disc by CBS Records in 1989.
UN-Habitat provided additional support and oversight for the launch of the Compact.
The component group of Aut C is isomorphic to the component group of a maximal compact subgroup and therefore finite.
As a comparison, the compact Seitei Jodo created by Shimizu Takaji contains 12 forms.
The product is a Boolean space (compact, Hausdorff and totally disconnected), and XF is a closed subset, hence again Boolean.
The album was first released on compact disc in 1988.
Homes on the Maesglas estate are fairly compact but all have front and back gardens.
EMI did the second rerelease in 1999 (featuring 24-bit digitally remastered sound and no bonus tracks).
The film has only been released in Japan, and has not seen a home video rerelease since 1997.
The 2006 CD rerelease replaces the album track version of "Copacabana" with the extended disco version.
Taiji will rerelease all 7 of his albums, from Nan Arayo!
However, most coverage of the album followed the rerelease in June 2012.
Native Windows 2000 and XP support are introduced in Koei rerelease and Sourcenext release for the Windows game.
This is a compilation rerelease of recordings originally issued on various CRI LP's in the 1960s and 1970s.
In 2011, the album was scheduled for rerelease, alongside Get Fired and Born to Quit, on Asian Man Records.
Two other CD singles were released during 2012 featuring the new theme songs from the HD rerelease of Gundam SEED.
Not simply a rerelease, performing the songs again gives them even more soul than they did in 1968.
Dora's signature board, released in 1966, became the biggest seller in history, and again on its rerelease 25 years later.
As part of the deal, Island also agreed to rerelease the group's first two Joker's Card albums.
Bonus tracks on the rerelease include a version of "Hot Pink" that incorporates a lengthy improvised jam.
The CD rerelease added three additional tracks.
The July 1982 German rerelease of the single "Alabama Song" had "Amsterdam" as the B-side.
As this box set is now discontinued, a rerelease was made in 2005 called "Serial Experiments Lain TV-BOX".
No limited edition sticker has yet seen a rerelease.
Kodansha USA is due to rerelease it in omnibus format during 2014.
In 2010 Homespun Records signed Jimmy and the Soulblazers to rerelease their 1973 album "Clockwork".
There She Goes did not appear on the album until a rerelease in 1999.
He also directed the music video for the 1988 rerelease of "Atmosphere".
Twiztid stated in a December 4, 2014 interview that they plan to rerelease the album as well as Abominationz.
This DVD set contains the rerelease version of this film from Realart Pictures, Inc..
Due to legal complications, the band decided not to change the video portion of the original movie for the rerelease.
Expanded rerelease of Father Don't Cry EP with additional unreleased tracks"Father Don't Cry (Ext.
The 1993 rerelease spent 27 weeks on the Hot 100 (matching the chart life of the original 1975 single).
The Virginian was released on 9 November 1929, with a theatrical rerelease in 1935.
In 2011, the rerelease of the track "Undertow" as a single charted in the UK at No.
The album's relative success drew attention from larger indie labels looking to rerelease the album.
In 2007, plans were made for a sublabel of tUMULt named Heavy Rescue, aiming to rerelease "lost eighties metal classics."
No bug fixes or patches were integrated into the Classics/Platinum rerelease of the game.
It is a 2002 rerelease of his independent CDs from 1983 & 85 with a bonus DVD.
Ventus was first shown in the secret endings of Kingdom Hearts II and its rerelease Kingdom Hearts II: Final Mix.
RuneScape 3 will use the Elo system for the rerelease of bounty hunter later in 2016.
An abridged 1929 rerelease version is preserved.
The 2014 rerelease also charted in the UK, reaching No.
The 2001 rerelease of Ostatni wojownik has a bonus track and a different song order.
Picq wishes to have the rights in order to rerelease the album, though they were not granted.
The 1995 rerelease has the same track listing as the original EP.
Bennett says he has plans to rerelease it in the summer of 2014.
The CD rerelease omits the stage announcements and programs the live tracks first.
Premium pack version, available at PlayStation 2 rerelease, includes a robot figure.
Instead, "studios would have to rerelease their most underrated entertainments from the previous year for a second chance."
Tracks six and seven on the rerelease on Nadja compilation albums.
This is part of a greater effort on behalf of Milestone to rerelease all of Clarke's old films.
Metamorphosis is a rerelease of Zero Hour's eponymous debut album.
December 2012 saw a vinyl rerelease of Phase V on Burning World records.
The 1991 CD rerelease was titled Magnitude and featured three previously unreleased tracks from the sessions.
When the music was first released on CD in 1991, Zappa chose to rerelease the four existing albums.
Suzanne McElfresh gave the 1999 rerelease a positive review, calling it "more fully realized" than Meat Puppets II.
We'd all love to recut that movie and rerelease it.
On October 31, 2015 Twiztid rereleased the third vinyl rerelease with Freek Show.
DeMille himself supervised a new version for its 1944 rerelease.
The contents of Character Library and Music Library were later included as extras in the PlayStation rerelease of Chrono Trigger.
The World Circus rerelease included twelve bonus tracks and the Think This rerelease included five bonus tracks.
Additional and reworked tracks were created for its PlayStation 2 rerelease, Kingdom Hearts Re:Chain of Memories.
By mistake, the rerelease was originally printed in Monaural and was corrected via a mail-in replacement campaign.
The CD rerelease added a live version of the title track recorded at the Hollywood Palladium in 1971.
An alternate take is provided on the 1999 CD rerelease.
It shows up on the UK rerelease of Speak and Spell.
The puppet was replaced with a computer-generated image for the Special Edition rerelease.
Northern Silence Productions released a special digipak edition and also a rerelease on 10" vinyl on March 23, 2007.
Upon its rerelease, Streisand said: ""I have always had a special affection for Classical Barbra.
The 1998 Original Masters rerelease added two bonus songs that were also covers.
The remastered version of the album along with the rerelease of Sonic Firestorm was released on 22 February 2010.
Track five on the rerelease, I Am as Earth, originally appeared on a split that Nadja did with Moss.
There was a rerelease of the album by Revolver USA on September 25, 2000.
September 2006 saw the remastered rerelease of Dawn of the Undead.
The film was later condensed for rerelease and titled The Kaiser's Last Squeal.
In 1951, Polito's father took him to see the King Kong rerelease of the 1933 film.
It was re-rated TV-PG-V for moderate violence on its rerelease.
Thompson also noted that technical issues like animation slowdown with multiple enemies on-screen went unfixed in the rerelease.
The CD rerelease of the Metal Box album by Public Image Ltd.
In 2010, Ufouria: The Saga was rated by the Australian OFLC, implying a future rerelease.
This rerelease contains the original game plus a redesigned version on the same disc.
On October 16, 2015 Twiztid released another vinyl rerelease with Cryptic Collection: Halloween Edition.
An alternate take of "Daniel and the Sacred Harp" was included on the 2000 rerelease of Stage Fright.
Just Gettin' It On is the rerelease of Playa Fly's 1995 independent album, Just gettin it on.
The rerelease was exclusive to Enjoy The Ride Records, with copies also being available through Hot Topic.
It was taken from the 2008 rerelease of her 2007 album, Over the Rainbow.
The song was released as the B-side of the rerelease of the single "Space Oddity" in December 1972.
IGN praised the 2011 rerelease, scoring 8.5 for the XBLA version and 9.0 for the iOS version.
Alan Wilder left the band in 1995, and declined to be involved with the rerelease.
In 2002, the film had a very limited rerelease in U.S. theaters.
CD rerelease with deluxe packaging on Tesco Distribution/Storm in 2001.
The series was a rerelease version of Walt Disney Mini-Classics.
On the book jacket of the 2012 rerelease, William Gibson calls Shirley "cyberpunk's patient zero."
For the rerelease, the title was shortened and four new tracks from a '68 Comeback 7" were appended.
The 2010 rerelease also charted in the UK, reaching No.
Eye of the Beholder Trilogy (1995, SSI) was a rerelease of all the three games for DOS on CD-ROM.
Bork now lives and works in Heidelberg, Germany.
Moneyball also covers the lives and careers of several baseball personalities.
Along with his band, he lives a vegan lifestyle and supports animal rights.
The family lives on the Pointefield Landing of the Severn River in Maryland.
Cash lives with her husband and son in Chelsea, Manhattan.
Shiva / Tiger is the local criminal don in his part of the town where he lives with his mother.
They spend most of their lives underground, emerging in response to rain or snow, thus the common name.
Some 42,000 North Carolinians lost their lives in the American Civil War.
She lives in the Lasalle borough of Montreal, Quebec.
The player controls a child, Noah, who lives in a utopia called Eden.
She lives and works in Los Angeles.
Larsen lives in Fairhope, Alabama, with his wife and their three children.
TT gives Mansukh the ultimatum of getting Indu married in 10 days, or they would lose their lives.
Phranc lives in Santa Monica, California with her partner and children.
This sponge lives from the subtidal zone and down to at least 15m underwater.
The family lives in the Jerusalem neighborhood of Beit HaKerem.
Smith is also a renowned conservationist and owns the Featherbed Nature Reserve in Knysna, where he currently (2004) lives.
Lucy lives a very lonely life, reading books and keeping bees.
This ministry works and dedicates their time to have a positive impact on others lives.
Mr. Walch currently lives in Brooklyn, New York and is at work on the book for a musical.
In 2012 Evangelist Norwood created her own record label Dorothy Norwood Music Group (DNMG)Norwood presently lives in Georgia.
She lives with a man who is popularly thought to be her lover, but is in fact her half-brother.
Meanwhile, Jeremy meets Elena, a beautiful Russian woman and occasional marijuana dealer who lives in their building.
They both have been influenced their entire lives by producers Timbaland and The Neptunes.
She currently lives in Brighton where she works in a shared artists' studio.
Sabina lives her life as an extreme example of lightness, taking profound satisfaction in the act of betrayal.
Conor, a lighthouse keeper, lives on an island with son Ben, his pregnant wife Bronagh, and sheepdog Cu.
He currently lives in Santa Rosa, California.
Monaghan lives in Contin, Ross-Shire with his wife and daughter.
Her ambition was to become a doctor who improved the lives of women and children.
She lives in Berlin, is married with a German and is mother of a son.
Kvindemuseet, the Women's Museum, from 1984 contains collections of the lives and works of women in Danish cultural history.
Some times later Anthony lives together with Donna and her gay brother.
He currently lives in Freetown, Sierra Leone.
The crested eagle lives in humid lowland forests, mostly comprised by tropical rainforests.
The player is also awarded extra lives and bombs (except in certain levels) for collecting set quantities of Geoms.
Although many women perceive that Fascinating Womanhood helped their lives, the book's teachings remain controversial.
His gallant actions saved many lives and inspired those around him by his example.
Bean lives in Lakeland, Florida, where he enjoys hunting and fishing.
Chris Doyle is a multi-media artist who lives in New York City.
In fear for their lives, the villagers killed Uvelel'yn.
Greco now lives in Los Angeles and has recently appeared alongside Kevin Costner in the three-part film Hatfields & McCoys.
Born in 1961 in Shanghai, she now lives in Vancouver and is the mother of two children.
This guy came out with the biggest lady we had ever seen in our lives.
Lemuel (Christopher de Leon) has come out of hiding to make their lives miserables again.
It was a central experience in our lives.
It made such a difference in the lives of a lot of those children.
Two singles were released from The Time of Our Lives.
Their youngest, Jasmine was born in 1977 and currently lives and works with BenCab at the BenCab Museum in Baguio.
They must aim to address the political and structural inequalities that negatively shape the lives of girls.
She currently lives in Los Angeles with her mother and younger brother, Justin.
Ma Chu Ka discusses about happens when a third person walks into the lives of two people.
She lives in the Lakouanga neighborhood of Bangui.
Grandpa (じいちゃん Jiichan)Voiced by: Kenichi OgataTetsuo's father who lives in nearby Edajima Town.
Critical response to Other Lives was generally positive.
It is a popular belief that he only lives in the dark.
It lives in isolated mud deposits found under large rocks in the rapid flowing sections of stream and river shoals.
He is married with four children, and lives in France.
Instead, the video follows the lives of a feuding couple who live next door to Dixon.
Another concern of ADA is to impress on Austrians how development cooperation directly affects their lives.
The strongest legacy brand with the best prospects for the future lives on.
He lives in the Manor of Turville in Turville, Buckinghamshire.
CAIS women can lead active lives and expect a normal lifespan.
Una M. Ryan (born 1966) is a biochemist from Ireland, researching parasites and infectious agents in Australia, where she lives.
She and Casey became deathly ill because of the perfume but Chris' antidote saved their lives.
The 23 April 1940 Rhythm Night Club Fire in Natchez, Mississippi, claimed the lives of approximately 209 persons.
The novel's epilogue details the sisters' lives after marriage.
His wife Ashalata has deserted him and lives in her maternal house with their children.
He currently lives in Nashville, Tennessee with his wife.
He rolled the dice and, again, gambled with people's lives.
This concern for equality and humanity extends also to the stranger who lives among the Israelites.
The salamanders are totally aquatic and spend their whole lives in the same body of water.
Simon Coates (born in Sheffield) is a British artist & curator who currently lives and works in Dubai.
Philodromus rufus vibrans is a spider that ambushes its prey and lives in United States and Canada.
The lock keeper, who no longer lives on site, controls the whole process from a control room overlooking the lock.
He is also obsessed with a sow who lives on the farm.
Savithiri does not like the life that M.G.R. lives.
Snow then lives in the forest, meeting Prince David while robbing him who she nicknames Charming.
Ann picks up the blue framed butterfly, showing that the apartment is where Alice lives.
While each monkey has unlimited lives, the player who scores the most hits against other players is declared the winner.
The Carlebach family is a notable Jewish family originally from Germany that now lives all over the world.
The player is given three lives initially and bonus lives are awarded at 20000 points and every 80000 points thereafter.
Both men describe Star Trek as having put personal pressures on them that negatively affected their family lives.
The novel "traces the eventful lives of two sisters from before the first world war to the 1960s".
He lives in Sumter, South Carolina and has his offices in Columbia, South Carolina.
The epidemic of 1689 claimed 700 lives out of a total population of 4,000.
Altogether around 3,500 lives were lost from the various ships.
She lives in Washington, D.C., with her husband, Bloomberg editor Max Berley, and their children.
About 75% of the Haitian population lives in rural areas, a large portion of whom practice subsistence agriculture.
Goss currently lives in Torpoint, Cornwall, and has three teenage children: Alex, Livvy and Eliot.
After separating from his wife, he lives on a boat parked outside her house.
During the 1992 War of Transnistria the village was the scene of alleged human rights abuses by Moldovans.
There are also abuses of media rights and access.
While the Chipmunks like Samantha, her son Miles is a bully who physically abuses the trio.
Highly influenced by the Jindyworobak Movement, it also describes the inter-racial relationships and abuses of the period.
The US government received no reports of societal abuses or discrimination based on religious belief or practice.
The speech penned by Sallust for Memmius describes various abuses, and is used to argue that all monarchs are corrupt.
In 1873, Khaznadar again undertook reforms and attacked the widespread financial abuses within the bureaucracy.
The 1979 Beach Inquiry found that the Armed Robbery Squad had committed "abuses.
The opportunity to denounce the abuses of the Protectorate authorities was given to me.
An Online Complaint Center for consumers to report privacy abuses and request information on ways to protect their privacy.
The commission documents abuses by the Forces Armée Rwandaise (FAR), which included both the national police and the military.
They travel to Uruk to confront Gilgamesh and stop his abuses.
Chinese Human Rights Defenders, Re-education through Labor Abuses Continue Unabated: Overhaul Long Overdue, 4 February 2009.
Images are stored on ImageShack indefinitely unless the image or the user who uploaded it abuses the Terms of Service.
Among other abuses, this most obviously involves abuse of article 17 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
After 1993, he became concerned about plaintiff attorney abuses of the Unfair Competition Law he had been instrumental in drafting.
She previously worked for Amnesty International, where she was in charge of their investigations into Human Rights abuses in Iraq.
He is married and abuses his wife regularly, leading to her losing touch with reality.
Many members of the Federal Police and the Army joined TCOs, and participated in abuses against the citizenry.
He cruelly abuses her, as Cathy's marriage to Edgar continues to torment him.
Mujahid has Zoofi forcibly marry Shakeel, who taunts and abuses her.
In 1274, Kublai appointed Lian Xixian to investigate abuses of power by Mongol appanage holders in Manchuria.
In September 1661, he was the head of a commission to inquire into the abuses in the post office.
The unfaithful duo, on their success, abuses Chandni to which Rahul fights with them and begins enmity with Harry.
She abuses Frado both physically and mentally.
Police routinely investigated such allegations, which rarely resulted in punishment (see section 5 Other Societal Abuses and Discrimination).
Student Loan Law: Collections, Intercepts, Deferments, Discharges, Repayment Plans, and Trade School Abuses.
The society's goals were to oppose superstition, obscurantism, religious influence over public life and abuses of state power.
For example, a World Rainforest Movement report documents land disputes and human rights abuses at Mount Elgon.
The abuses occur not only on the street but also in schools.
Lyrically the track is written about a failing relationship caused by a lover who abuses alcohol.
In the past, priests who committed abuses were removed by bishops, but bishops were rarely held accountable.
It is tasked with investigating allegations of human rights abuses and journalist intimidation.
It was dismantled in 1958 after the Party Congress that discussed his abuses.
He is known to be a womanizer, and abuses the hospitality of Pedro Crespo by creating commotion during his stay.
In recent years, state legislatures have passed new laws aimed at eliminating the worst abuses at puppy mills.
Canada became an outspoken critic of the Taliban's human rights abuses against the citizens of Afghanistan.
Instead, he finds that the Ultor Corporation abuses the workers and forces them to endure hazardous living conditions.
Its stated mission is to "eradicate abuses committed under the guise of mental health and enact patient and consumer protections."
Owing to abuses a Public Inquiry was held in 1938 and the Urban Council dissolved.
As a result, sponsors may restrict workers' movements and workers may be afraid to report abuses or claim their rights.
Broken Shield, a series of investigations into police failures and abuses.
His father abuses him, causing him to act the way he does at school.
Lawlessness during wars and civil conflicts can create a culture of impunity towards human rights abuses of civilians.
Establishment of measures to end abuses in the church.
There were reports of societal abuses based on religious affiliation, belief, or practice.
The pope or his legate, however, took no steps to remove abuses or otherwise reform the Scandinavian churches.
Once in office, Garrison cracked down on prostitution and the abuses of Bourbon Street bars and strip joints.
Tension arises in their marriage as Jake continually upbraids and abuses Gitl, despite her efforts to assimilate.
When the report was publicised, there was public outrage in Britain over the abuses.
Boche was later placed in a foster family in 1999, after suffering repeated physical and emotional abuses over 5 years.
Frank and outspoken, he took every opportunity to denounce the abuses and arrogance of the Spaniards.
According to researchers, pictures indicate the consent of the photographers to the abuses and murders committed.
All the slain journalists were investigating controversial issues within Honduran society, including corruption, drug trafficking and human rights abuses.
He has campaigned against abuses of the postal vote system and helped to bring about some reforms to it.
During the year the government conducted some trials for abuses committed in the context of internal conflicts in the east.
Its magazine Freedom published anti-IRS stories under headlines such as "Speaking Out Against IRS Abuses",.
The organization advocates for a federal inquiry/committee to investigate illegal, unethical and human rights abuses in adoption practice in Canada.
If you cannot permit abuses, you must at least tolerate them.
Upon release, he eventually headed a New Zealand commission of investigation into abuses at Sime Road Internment Camp.
Wolves Within the Fold: Religious Leadership and Abuses of Power.
It also said that many abuses were deliberately misreported as "accidents".
He had become known as someone who would stand up to abuses of power in the European officialdom.
He was elected to the colony's assembly and spoke out against governmental abuses.
Mrs. Reed: Jane's aunt by marriage, who adopts Jane on her husband's wishes, but abuses and neglects her.
Meanwhile, the minimum wage remains well below that on the U.S. mainland, and abuses of vulnerable workers are commonplace.
There were limited reports of societal abuses or discrimination based on religious belief or practice.
Reported abuses of human rights in Tibet include restricted freedom of religion, belief, and association.
Throughout the novel, Rowdy's father abuses him, which leads to his bully-like behavior.
NAWHERC has been active in reporting abuses in reproductive care and medication in the Native American community.
Various objections to the witch hunts were raised on the basis of their abuses of the law.
This is a term coined in missiological circles describing some of the abuses and failures in the mission field.
This early failure to correct abuses in his diocese did not discourage von Utenheim from reformist enterprises however.
According to the U.S. State Department, major human rights abuses occur in the country.
Strong Paraguayan-U.S. relations continued until the Carter Administration emphasized a foreign policy that recognized human rights abuses.
The specific purposes of the shortwave radio program are:- Helping victims of oppressions, labor abuses, corruptions, etc.
Ruby verbally abuses Colin and he slaps her.
He and his UBOP squad were accused of serious human rights abuses within Kabardino-Balkaria, including of torture and murder.
Declamation on abuses introduced into the Castilian, presented and awarded at the Spanish Academy, 1791.
Some groups are especially vulnerable to human rights abuses collateral to drug law enforcement.
Since the 1970s, the European Court of Human Rights has condemned Turkey for the thousands of human rights abuses.
It also reported on other human rights abuses in the country.
Gee brought correction to the abuses of Spiritual Gifts and systematically taught the people the Word.
He again attacked abuses, agitated for reform, and in 1810 came sharply into collision with the House of Commons.
He blames Shera for the incident as he does not believe her concerns were justified, and verbally abuses her.
Abuses of electronic surveillance by the federal government such as Project SHAMROCK led to reform legislation in the 1970s.
He has focused on how multinational corporations operate in foreign countries, documenting human rights and environmental abuses.
Nonetheless, when government abuses against the leaders of the WFM seemed too egregious, Gompers relented and offered assistance.
There were few reports of societal abuses or discrimination based on religious belief or practice.
Human rights abuses in Jammu and Kashmir, a disputed territory administered by India, are an ongoing issue.
John W. Dickinson, a four-year faculty member and strong advocate for educational reform, was principal from 1856 to 1877.
Elliott Blackstone, sergeant of the San Francisco Police Department and longtime advocate for LGBT rights, was born here.
He was a teetotaling vegetarian, an early advocate of nature cures, and a longtime member of the National Anti-Vaccination League.
After leaving HADITU, ash-Shafi became an active advocate for greater unity in the Egyptian communist movement.
He was an advocate within the School of Music for wind music.
He was also an advocate of vegetarianism and abstinence.
Greek pianist Danae Kara is a superb advocate in these first-recorded performances.
Cooley even went as far as to portray Ross as a traitor, when Ross had always been a Union advocate.
Transgender advocate Norrie May-Welby was recognized as having unspecified status in 2014.
Barrister Zahid enrolled as an advocate of the Sindh High Court in 1957, and of the Supreme Court in 1962.
He appended "Workingmen's Advocate" to the title, indicating his sympathy for the Working Men's Party and the interests of laborers.
He is a vegetarian and an advocate of animal rights.
Originally built in 1930, Gregory Gymnasium was named after its main advocate and planner, Thomas Watt Gregory.
She has been a staunch advocate of the anti-discrimination bill.
Through 1895 and early 1896, Bryan sought to make himself as widely known as an advocate for silver as possible.
Shashank's younger brother Sunil Manohar has also served as the Advocate General of Maharashtra.
Antiguans have seen Mr. Clapton transform from addict to advocate of possibly the next Betty Ford of the century.
The Erin Advocate also publishes the monthly Country Routes paper distributed to surrounding areas.
Certain right-wing localist groups also advocate for a more aggressive and militant approach in defending Hong Kong people's interests.
Throughout his legislative career, Steinberg has been a strong advocate for mental health care.
The different movements within hirak were largely fragmented, and therefore struggled to successfully advocate for their reformist agenda.
Calderhead was willing to travel extensively to advocate for suffrage.
Kilmer is a supporter of Native American affairs and an advocate of environmental protection.
Prasad was a senior advocate at Patna High Court.
An advocate of practical learning for managers, Brown created the Glacier Institute of Management.
In the years since his diagnosis was made public, Louganis has been an outspoken HIV awareness advocate.
During World War I, Knox was an advocate of preparedness and United States participation.
He was Advocate General of Uttar Pradesh, India from 1952 to 1969.
Susan Eisenhower, former president and chairman emeritus of the Eisenhower Institute, was a particular advocate of the concept.
Hedgeman was a major advocate for both minorities and the poor in New York City.
AnnMarie Thomas is a Mechanical Engineer, author, blogger, and advocate for early engineering education.
Theorists such as Carne Ross advocate deliberative democracy as a complete alternative to representative democracy.
Kitt later became a vocal advocate for LGBT rights and publicly supported same-sex marriage, which she considered a civil right.
Human rights advocate Samantha Power was the inaugural appointee in 2006.
This economic decline made the city's elite dependent on royal and ecclesiastical appointment and thus, reluctant to advocate independence.
Since then, she has become a global advocate in the fight against sexual violence.
Beginning in the 1860s sportsmen began to organize and advocate for the preservation of wilderness areas and wildlife.
The Daily Times-Advocate, also called the Escondido Times-Advocate, was a daily newspaper published in Escondido, California.
Eric was a keen advocate of human rights and the separation of church and state.
Rohrbach was an advocate of eradicating native Africans in order to make room for German colonists.
But the institute does not specifically advocate potential solutions to public problems, Climer added.
In 1997, he was profiled by the New York Times as an influential advocate of responsible online advertising.
Labadie supported localized public cooperation, and was an advocate for community control of water utilities, streets, and railroads.
An advocate is a person who argues for or supports a cause or policy.
She is a noteworthy member of the disabled community as a fierce advocate for equal rights for individuals with disabilities.
She is an advocate for art and education.
Luckenbach was also a strong advocate of Federal control of shipping rates.
She now works as an advocate fostering understanding for survivors of burns or other disfigurements.
There is no way that I would approve or advocate for the monitoring of students at home.
After the raid of Hogwarts in Half-Blood Prince, Sprout is a staunch advocate of keeping Hogwarts open.
Advocate reports on closure of case on Timur Kuashev's death.
He was also an early advocate of the benefits of regularly drinking water throughout the day.
Ashok H. Desai is a Senior Advocate practicing in the Supreme Court of India.
She is a popular speaker as well as an advocate for peace and children of war.
Ryan Kim-Scout Sallans (born Kimberly Ann Sallans; 1979) is an American LGBT rights advocate and out trans man.
He is an Advocate & Solicitor of the High Court in Malaya and High Court in Sabah and Sarawak.
In 1879 he was admitted as an advocate/barrister in Ghent.
Ferber does not advocate simply leaving a baby to cry.
Hamlin was among the first to advocate enlisting African-American troops in the Union Army.
Autua confronts Ewing and convinces him to advocate for Autua to join the crew as a free man.
However, apart from Germany, one does not necessarily have to be an advocate to practice law.
Prior to entering politics she was a youth advocate.
The highest level is the Senior Advocate Supreme Court.
He returned to Cape Colony in 1895 and was admitted as an advocate.
By her Ferguson had a daughter, who in 1730 married M. Gerard Vink, advocate, 's-Hertogenbosch.
He also was a good government advocate, supporting election law reform, conflict of interest laws, and legislative reapportionment.
Diggins has become an advocate against childhood obesity, a guest interviewer for ESPN, and a model for Nike.
His libertarian bent prevented him from pursuing a direct suit against Philip Morris, but he did become an anti-smoking advocate.
He held the part-time statutory appointment as Defence Force Advocate between 1993 and 1995.
The company is a strong advocate towards low trading leverages.
World's Worst Mom is hosted by columnist and Free Range Kids advocate, Lenore Skenazy.
He became an advocate in 1948 and served as an Advocate Depute from 1955.
At Microsoft, Hedrick was a prominent advocate of bridging the "digital divide."
An outspoken advocate of slavery as an institution, Bowles was sympathetic to the South during the American Civil War.
The prosecution was not conducted by the judge-advocate.
He ran on his credentials as a housing advocate in the Mission District.
He is the son of Deepak Juyal, an advocate & Alka Bakshi Juyal.
He was reappointed as the Judge Advocate General in 1952 and 1956.
Islamist groups such as the Muslim Brotherhood advocate Islam as a comprehensive political solution, often in spite of being banned.
Juan Gonzales considers the paper as an advocate for the continuation of the quest for Latino Civil Rights.
P-POD is a strong advocate for youth development and is already tapping into the nearly 50% of independent Dominican voters.
As a pioneer advocate of democracy in the land of okpe, he also was pivotal to Nigeria.
Muloki was a strong advocate for the Girl Child Education programmes, and various other programmes in Busoga.
Democrats call for "affordable and quality health care," and many advocate an expansion of government intervention in this area.
Advocate P.M.A. Salam won the Kozhikode 2 with highest margin of the constituency in HIstory.
Currently she works in the Developer Advocate team at Dropbox.
The main goal of the organisation is to advocate against pseudoscience, astrology and mysticism.
Darbishire was a particular advocate of women's right to education.
After obtaining a good education he became an Advocate in Paris.
Lyddiard has always been a strong advocate of an internationalisation of the UK theatre scene.
This opened up their export potential, and markets soon developed in places as far-flung as Cuba and Mexico.
Dortmunder Export is a local pale lager beer speciality brewed in Dortmund.
In 1999 a new law on export control was passed by the parliament drafted with direct participation of V.L. Malkevich.
Its 'Agricultural Revival Programme' has identified many thousands of hectares of land as suitable for new oil palm export plantations.
He emigrated to the US in 1970 and ran an export business, selling golf balls to Japan.
It originated in the First World War, as Navy blockades made the import (and export) of movies impossible.
The energy, the material that's involved in this, doesn't just escape the community as an export.
Export the transition rewards matrix to a fileNOTE: The "transition rewards" are what we refer to as "impulse rewards".
He is also the chairman of the Export University National Oversight Committee.
By 2014 the RMG industry represented 81.13 percent of Bangladesh's total export.
The nation depended on the export of wool, mutton, wheat and minerals.
Later, the planning of export was undertaken as a corollary to the Departments control of transport priorities also.
V. D. Swami and Company are pioneers in the steel export business.
He restored the freedom to export agricultural products, while restricting imports of dairy products.
Eskom, however, announced on 20 January 2008 that it had ceased to export power.
He started his own export-import company at age 28.
Around one third is produced for export, with the Nordic region as the principal market.
Export subsidy as such can become a self-defeating and disruptive policy.
The government's colonial policy of export restrictions however, did not change.
This model has 125 PS (92 kW), for export.
It is also the member of Export Alabama Alliance.
The invariant chain also facilitates MHC class II's export from the ER in a vesicle.
In addition, scarcity in the global economy complicated import and export activity.
The XA-188 is originally a Dutch export version of the APC.
The CM-400AKG is an air-launched supersonic surface attack cruise missile, believed to be the export version of the YJ-12.
This gave the President the power to "regulate the distribution, export, import, purchase and storage of food."
Active in both the farmers' community and the National Party, he worked mainly in the export business to West Africa.
The country consumes most of its oil output but does export some crude oil and oil products.
Thermal Coal, Timber Logs, Petroleum Products, LPG and various other bulk, break bulk and containerized cargoes and export cargoes viz.
Beginning in February 1980 a 2.2-litre diesel engine was also available, sold in export as the E2200.
The firm's business of import, export, and general agency made it one of the most prosperous in Pennsylvania.
The Japanese export had two bonus tracks, "Bu Gece" (Kir Zincirlerini) Club Remix and "Simarik" (Malagutti Remix).
Pages can also export documents into a number of formats; formatting is generally retained during the export process.
Export markets, www.elevenhundred.com Retrieved on 29 September 2013Morris Marina at www.elevenhundred.com Retrieved on 25 March 2012Adams, Keith (2005).
The HCOC does not ban ballistic missiles, but it does call for restraint in their production, testing, and export.
These Tiles are export to Fareast, Europe, Australia, Africa and as close as Middle Eastern Countries.
The licence was not renewed in 2004, though production of bicycles for export continued for another year.
American Mail and Export Journal; July 1886; p17.
They are part of a delegation that is going to ratify one of Britain's biggest ever export orders.
It also helps boost export business volumes and revenues.
Australia's main seafood export earners include rock lobsters, prawns, tuna and abalone.
Alexander Thomas Kingdom Grant, CMG, Under-Secretary, Export Credits Guarantee Department.
90% of India's export quality Cashew Kernels are prepared from Kollam.
These did well in the foreign markets, accounting for 90% of the export share by value.
Because sherry was a major wine export to the United Kingdom, many English companies and styles developed.
Echoes received Gold Export Award for its sales outside France.
The combination of quantity and quality allows Chile to export excellent wines at reasonable prices to the international market.
The export version of the AQS-13B sonar used in the Royal Canadian Navy's Sikorsky CH-124 Sea King helicopter.
The RUAG and the Pilatus Aircraft are dependent on the export of their goods outside Europe on Militarflugplatz Emmen.
Bauxite is also mined around the Demerara, and Linden is a major export centre.
In 2011, the total export output of aerospace products in the Philippines reached US $3 billion.
Ylang-ylang's essential oil makes up 29% of the Comoros' annual export (1998).
Export believed the television could complicate the relationship between subject, spectator, and television.
2011 saw Israel export goods to Malaysia worth $716.4 million and import goods worth $93.6 million.
This is because eIF4E promotes the export of cyclin D mRNAs out of the nucleus.
In 2009 Malaysia government planning export of frozen durians to China.
Another gene, btmA, is proposed to export bottromycin.
Export licensing hearing, Reviewing Committee on the Export of Works of Art and Objects of Cultural Interest.
Beta managed to export goods worth half a billion US dollars until the violations were exposed in 2003.
Romero was unable to obtain an export permit for them, so they were imported on a temporary permit.
The user then has the option to export their remix to their social media of choice.
The Queen's Award for Enterprise: International Trade (Export) (2003) was awarded on 21 April 2003, by Queen Elizabeth II.
The station's national export program was Playroom produced by Heather Gell a pioneer in pre-school radio and television in Australia.
Geographic information system (GIS) applications such as QGIS and Grass use GPSBabel for many import and export operations and processing.
ClickTime reports also export to common spreadsheets and reporting tools, and can integrate with various software applications.
The Great Depression in Australia saw huge levels of unemployment and economic suffering amid plummeting export income.
It is also younger than Earth, making its crust much richer than Earth's in uranium-235, the planet's major export.
This free software tool allows to export transcriptions to X-SAMPA.
Subsequently, with large expansion of sheep farms, this export trade has sustained the economy of the country substantially.
40% of the exports is wood and furniture, other export production includes machinery and appliances, building materials, glass and clothing.
Export models produced at the plant in Graz, Austria, were given the vehicle designation of "ZG".
In the last few years export accounted for between 73 and 75 percent of sales.
The complex is specialized in handling cabotage sand, scrap metal (ferrous and non-ferrous metals) in bulk, coal export.
There was an unsuccessful effort to resume export (in 2010, limited to 150 kg).
The center is the venue of an important import-export fair, as well as marketing and conferencing.
Rubber has been produced in Samoa for many years, but its export value has little impact on the economy.
Skipper allows to create, import and export from ORM schema definitions to editable EER models.
This number includes the 5,200-MW Churchill Falls lines, which have no export capability.
By the 2nd century CE, olive oil rivaled cereals as an export item.
The company decided to add an export trade marketing component to remain competitive; it scored notable success in South Korea.
It was destined for export to Saudi Arabia.
The country should export more of its industrial products and start importing cheap agricultural products from abroad in turn.
In 2005, the value of New Zealand's Pacific oyster production was $12 million domestically, and $16.9 million for export.
Textiles comprise 57% of Pakistan's export revenues.
Mortalities that occur prior to export are excluded.
Cultivated shrimp is another important export sector.
Through the 1960s, rail essentially had a monopoly on transportation of export and import trade, and operations were profitable.
Export of petroleum and related products amounted to $2.6 billion in the year 2000.
Export share 60% worldwide (roughly 45/55 Europe/world).
She, however, appeared on two more weeks of Impact!
All the occupants of both aircraft died on impact.
The shock waves from the impact were a surprise to the scientists, with the Moon vibrating for over 55 minutes.
Some commercial software cost estimators may have productivity settings that account for the impact of non-functionality.
He was traded to Montreal Impact on 27 January 2015 for allocation money.
Before that, though, the duo faced off against Mexican America on Impact Wrestling.
Impact of adventure interventions of traditional counseling interventions (ropes course).
The debris from an impact angle of 45 degrees or more spreads out like butterfly wings.
On the following episode of Impact Wrestling, Hernandez and Arnaquia failed to regain the title in a rematch.
This report clarified the details of the case, but it did not have any legal impact.
On impact with the target, a delayed action fuze is triggered.
It also had a significant impact on Aboriginal communities as the series brought up key issues affecting its culture.
Named the Impact Basketball Competitive Training Series, the league was dubbed by The New York Times as the "Lockout League".
Sjahrir clarifies the intense impact Japanese indoctrination has had on the Indonesian people, especially the youth (Indonesian: Pemuda).
Register needs and available resources, thus allowing scientists and organizations to connect and direct their energies for maximum impact.
Clinical trials of vaccines against HPV and evaluation of the impact of the HPV vaccine programmes.
Salter knew that to effect an enduring impact, she must transform people's attitudes about the dogs in their city.
Ozona, Texas sustained the most impact, estimated at $2 million in damage.
After a year, the community boycott was estimated to have caused a $10 million negative economic impact on the city.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal had a 2011 impact factor of 5.298.
The impact of World War II drastically affected the university.
The novel was first published in 1939, although the impact of World War II stunted its popularity.
Will it Blend has had an amazing impact to our commercial and our retail products.
According to Carey, the video for "Why Me" made a "slight impact on early MTV."
Only a large impact could have generated such conditions.
Many choices involve trade-offs of environmental impact, and often there is insufficient information to make informed decisions.
But the impact reached far beyond the confines of mainstream American theater goers.
The Ross Group specializes in creating high impact film and brand promotions and celebrity endorsements with strategically targeted programs.
Madonna has several titles, subjectives and superlatives, many of them explain and explore her large impact in many fields.
Saturday Night Fever had a large cultural impact in the United States.
These animals, though they usually pose little threat to adult iguanas, do impact their reproduction by feeding off their eggs.
Understanding how to take advantage of the myriad tax breaks when planning one's personal finances can make a significant impact.
Sensitivity of explosives is the degree to which an explosive can be initiated by impact, heat, or friction.
On the October 8 episode of Impact!
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 2.60.
WVXU Impact Cincinnati: Plans to bring streetcars back to Cincinnati.
Tookoonooka, a large buried Early Cretaceous impact structure in the Eromanga Basin of southwestern Queensland, Australia.
The aircraft was destroyed upon impact after it was jettisoned from its EB-50A mothership.
On the October 13 edition of Impact Wrestling, Rockett received a TNA X Division Championship match, losing against DJZ.
He was named captain of the Montreal Impact for the team's first season in Major League Soccer.
On the September 23 edition of Impact!
Positivist theories aim to replicate the methods of the natural sciences by analysing the impact of material forces.
It is unclear what (if any) impact the recent revision of Fortriu's location to northern Scotland has on this suggestion.
One puzzling feature of Titan is the lack of impact craters at the poles and mid-latitudes, particularly at lower elevations.
The fundamental philosophy of Narodism had a lasting impact on Poporanism, spurring its rejection of capitalism and of Marxist ideas.
In 2003 he was the first overall draft pick of the Montreal Impact of the USL First Division.
While doing this work, Byrne and his co-founders saw the impact of community organizing in the political sphere.
With Impact expecting to be streaming via its website in 2009.
He helped the Impact qualify for the first time for the CONCACAF Champions League by winning the Canadian Championship.
First book in a projected four-volume study of the course and impact of western migration.
He sired some minor winners but made little impact before dying in 1997 at the age of fourteen.
Sanskrit has had a deep and lasting impact on the vocabulary of the Javanese language.
Through apportionments, a portion of those gifts go to Christian ministries that have a national or global impact.
IMPACT is overseen by a board of trustees composed of an equal number of iron worker and contractor representatives.
The overall impact of managed care remains widely debated.
This event has helped to spark discussion of asteroid impact avoidance.
Applying Item Response theory methods to examine the impact of different response formats.
Its overall impact, however, was insufficient to reverse the tide of action in the streets.
The failure of Platinum Fox had a significant impact on the course of the war in the east.
Nonprofit and other social impact organizations use the site to raise funds and awareness for their causes.
The book had an enormous impact on Armenian historiography.
Understanding the ultimate financial impact of any value creating activity is critical for ongoing sustainability.
Messenger left little impact on the American Thoroughbred, but is considered a foundation sire of the Standardbred breed.
Currently, imposing a second adjacent channel restriction would impact less than 10 LPFM stations.
Additionally, many rivers are dammed at multiple locations, amplifying the impact.
For development communication and policy sciences to make great impact to the world, participation or engagement of stakeholders is necessary.
The match was announced on the April 1 episode of Impact!
The Bricklin carried an impact-absorbing bumper, longer nose, and the signature gull wing doors.
Construction can reduce its impact on nature by consulting experts on the environment.
Detonation of a Gammon grenade was instantaneous on impact with the target, i.e. there was no time-delay.
The report claims that the economic impact of illicit drug use is $80 billion for health care and productivity.
Acta Neuropathologica is the neuropathology journal with the highest impact factor.
And for maximum impact, they'll be performing their own stunts in this action oriented feature.
It was also equipped to collect selenodetic, radiation intensity, and micrometeoroid impact data.
No actual missile shield has been subjected to an aircraft impact test.
On the other hand, snow melting can require large amounts of energy, which has its own costs and environmental impact.
Carnot's book did, however, eventually have a real impact on the design of practical engines.
These philosophers stress the impact of built-in aspects of mind, studied in the field of psychological nativism.
Some of the Graphic composographs have an unforgettable eerie visual impact.
The eventual appearance of the first habitat groups would have a huge impact on the museum.
2004 models come standard with side airbags; however, the IIHS rated the Beetle Poor in their side impact test.
On the October 7 live edition of Impact!
The resulting cultural impact of a divorce upon an LDS couple is significant.
The post impact fire was so hot that it melted the aluminum and other metals of the fuselage.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2013 impact factor of 3.465.
Adaptive Modeler was also used to study the impact of different levels of trader rationality on market properties and efficiency.
The movie had little impact at the box office, taking only A$451,000.
The dam is opposed based on its impact of the environment and relocation of residents.
On the January 17, 2008 episode of Impact!
Caliskan says he is surprised by the impact his petition has made: "I did not expect so many supporters.
Warren County is heavily populated by the Haliwa-Saponi, descendants of a long existing tri-racial isolate deeply rooted in the area.
Closing this strategic southern port was an important part of the Union strategy to isolate and subdue the South.
Eupenifeldin is a cytotoxic bistropolone isolate of Eupenicillium brefeldianum.
On the one hand, Western states are asking it to help isolate the new dictatorship in Fiji.
They managed to isolate their feedback from the standards thereby minimizing the threat to their self-esteem.
This assault pushed through the defenders' outer lines and threatened to isolate the bulk of the division from the river.
His increasing tendencies would eventually start to isolate and alienate him from some of his own writers.
Their main objectives were to inflict casualties on US troops and to isolate them in the remote border regions.
In this situation it will be necessary to isolate the timber from the masonry with DPC material.
Nothing is definitely known about their language, believed to be related to Tunica, a language isolate.
It is also used to isolate and maintain Neisseria and Moraxella species.
The kill zone should isolate and trap the enemy.
Air raids were also undertaken to isolate the battle area from further reinforcement.
This is a, "strategy to isolate American Muslims from the rest of society."
The point was to find and isolate corrupted data before it was permanently written into databases and other disk files.
Submarines use extensive rubber mountings to isolate and avoid mechanical noises that could reveal locations to underwater passive sonar arrays.
Their illicit relationship serves to isolate them from their friends and from society at large.
The Seychelles then underwent two more stages of rifting to isolate it from Madagascar and India.
The military regime also attempts to isolate ex-political prisoners from society, for example by denying them economic and educational opportunities.
Directional microphones should be used in most cases, in order to isolate a speaker's voice from other potential noise sources.
Selenite broth is used to selectively isolate Salmonella species.
The parent of Vedda language is of unknown linguistic origin, is considered a linguistic isolate.
If this is not feasible, it is possible to use ferrocement walls to isolate the vaults from encroaching flood waters.
Antibiotic sensitivities are then assessed on the bacterial isolate to inform clinicians with respect to appropriate antibiotics for treatment.
As the Cold War deepened, Dulles sought to isolate the Soviet Union by building regional alliances of nations against it.
Psoriasis improvement in patients using glutathione-enhancing, nondenatured whey protein isolate.
Both engine and gearbox were mounted each at three points on rubber to isolate the chassis and body from vibration.
He further tells them that to isolate them fully, they are forbidden from using any advanced technology.
HPLC can be used to isolate products with the proper sequence.
The condition of "no torque" is necessary to isolate the phenomenon of Thomas precession.
Without the ability to isolate alleles, selection cannot effectively act upon them.
Rather than damaging the reputation of Amaro, however, the incident did more to isolate Sanchez, who Amaro abandoned.
Therefore, many reactions using 2-chloropyridine generate mixtures of products which require further workup to isolate the desired isomer.
Births generally occur in the midday; the female will isolate herself from the herd when labour pain begins.
They isolate the rose, tend it, foster it.
Had they broken through, they would have been able to isolate the battalion's headquarters from the soldiers on the flanks.
While significant populations do exist in protected areas, further loss of inhabitable terrain could fragment and isolate these communities.
More importantly, a microinverter attached to a single panel allows it to isolate and tune the output of that panel.
The "pop" directional formatting characters terminate the scope of the most recent "embedding", "override", or "isolate".
Therefore, there may be phenomena that exist beyond our peripheries, beyond what consciousness could create to isolate or reduce them.
They isolate their servers by licensing software providers which are called MPI (merchant plug-in) providers.
The Penicillium isolate was discovered during the culture of the white mold.
Buffer states sometimes isolate regions, such as Afghanistan's location between the Middle East and South Asia.
XV Corps was to attack either side of the village, to isolate the defenders and avoid a frontal assault.
The Council appreciated efforts by Albania to promote peace in the region and isolate extremists.
Efforts were made to isolate the active components in dead shark bodies that repelled other sharks.
This allows the player to isolate each reed.
The moving is intended to isolate them and cut drug circulation in Indonesia.
The team could not isolate and fix the error and they needed to ship it as soon as possible.
Despite the drawbacks of linkage analysis studies, they are nevertheless useful in preliminary studies to isolate genes linked to disease.
Molecular characterization of a closterovirus from carrot and its identification as a German isolate of carrot yellow leaf virus.
Consequently, high-level radioactive waste requires sophisticated treatment and management to successfully isolate it from the biosphere.
In an effort to isolate the local communist movement, President Marcos went to China in 1975 to normalize diplomatic relations.
Isoemericellin is a bio-active isolate of the marine fungus Emericella variecolor.
The complete sequence of the genomic RNA of an isolate of Lily virus X (genus Potexvirus).
In some cases, they isolate themselves in their living quarters for prolonged periods, sometimes for years.
The system helps marketers to isolate motives likely to be involved in various consumption situations.
Under certain conditions it can even isolate the transfer function analytically!
At the same time he began to isolate himself.
Still, the court system treated the hospital as simply a convenient way to isolate social outcasts.
Methods using silica beads and silica resins have been created that can successfully isolate DNA molecules for subsequent PCR amplification.
Also, vapor-deposited, protective ceramic coatings like nitrides could be investigated for their suitability to isolate these new alloys.
Soybean protein isolate has a biological value of 74.
Typical work is done with genes in order to isolate and then develop certain plant traits.
He used these methods to interrogate the memory repertoire of selected individuals to isolate monoclonal antibodies with unique specificities.
Gordonia effusa is a bacterium from the genus of Gordonia which has been isolate from human sputum in Japan.
This is critical to ASM's requirement to be able to isolate the source of service-impacting conditions.
The Isolate grid must be partitioned into areas so that each area contains two dotted squares.
It is then filtered, lysed and centrifuged to isolate the final mcl-PHA product.
Testing also determines the effectiveness of package cushioning to isolate fragile products from shock.
Berkelic acid is a fungal isolate with anticancer activity in vitro.
These bacteria doubled in number about every three weeks in laboratory conditions, which made them very difficult to isolate.
It attempts to isolate and exploit a mismatch using these skills.
Websphere uses AspectJ internally to isolate features of the different editions.
However, attempts to isolate gnomium proved fruitless.
Stas was able to successfully isolate the alkaloid from the organs of the victim.
In the former Soviet Union, psychiatric hospitals were used as prisons to isolate political prisoners from the rest of society.
Like various other anaerobes, Actinomyces species are fastidious and thus not easy to culture and isolate.
Now was the time for frank dialogue, rather than rhetoric that would isolate a country.
It is a Lindera obtusiloba isolate with anti-allergic activity.
Plinabulin is a fungal isolate derivative currently being researched for anticancer applications.
Pectolinarigenin is a Cirsium isolate with anti-inflammatory activity and belongs to the flavones.
The plan was to isolate Budapest from the rest of the German and Hungarian forces.
Contemporary linguists generally consider Yana to be a language isolate.
The hospital was extremely aggressive in trying to isolate and then eliminate the source of the fungus.
Some horses do show the neurological effects without the D752 isolate but the majority are with this strain.
It is designed to isolate signals travelling in a particular direction.
It is not possible to completely isolate a portion of the maze through gate-shifting.
The entire Indo-European family itself is a language isolate: no further connections are known.
In particular, the conclusion that the Basques are a genetic isolate has become widely discussed, but also a controversial conclusion.
Involving himself with this rebel group he gets into trouble and has his house and goods confiscated.
He was a Heathite, and was a frequent rebel under Margaret Thatcher.
The Mon language instruction survives in the Thai-Burmese border inside the Mon rebel controlled areas.
Peter Dak, the rebel commander in Mayom, announced that he fled the town on the evening of 7 January.
She appears as a rebel that doesn't let any authority interfere in her life.
It was presented by the disc jockey Ed Stewart, nicknamed "Stewpot", and was co-hosted by Zed, the "rebel robot".
However, in a surprise nighttime rebel attack, she is seriously wounded.
The Rebel Yell is the student newspaper on campus.
The move made it practically impossible for anyone to escape the onslaught of the rebel war.
Sudanese Rebel Leaders have accused him of being involved in severe human rights violations in Darfur during the Darfur Conflict.
In 616, he followed an agrarian rebel from the same locale, Cao Shiqi (操師乞), in rising against Sui Dynasty rule.
With this force, Kalia Bhomora Borphukan crossed the Brahmaputra river, attacked and defeated the rebel forces.
The Sladen mission had stayed seven weeks at Momien meeting with rebel officials.
Portrait of an American Rebel became a best-seller and has gone into four printings.
After Lester shares a joint with Ricky, his spirit is released and he begins to rebel against Carolyn.
In 1932, he appeared as Riederer in Der Rebell (The Rebel).
With a Rebel yell, they leaped into the hiding place.
At the outbreak of the uprising the rebel forces derailed a military train.
In 2009 Burnett published a book of intimate, unpublished images he took of reggae singer Bob Marley, titled Soul Rebel.
However, the rebel fleet was defeated on 18 April 727 by the loyalist navy through the use of Greek fire.
Many formerly rebel-held towns sent soldiers to Navarre as well.
Thomas was executed as a rebel and replaced by his younger brother Henry, 3rd Earl of Lancaster.
Tyler continued his career in the collegiate ranks, as receivers coach on Johnny Vaught's Ole Miss Rebel staff.
Syrian government troops regrouped south of the city, and were preparing for a possible attack by rebel forces.
Rob Allen, who is also referred to by Twitter followers as King Rebel, has started the movement called the Robellion.
Somehow the rebel Basestar's hybrid detects her shooting and panics, causing the ship to jump away.
There's this beautiful openness to the way Rebel approaches everything, and that's what works great for the character.
In 2005, she was a postal privatization rebel, but defended the seat against "assassin" candidate Yukari Sato.
It included seven new tracks: "Rebel Nation," "Last Dance," "Revolution," "Stockholm Skies," "Someone Else," "Stay," and ".
At the start of 7 February, government troops were seven kilometers from rebel-held Tell Rifaat.
Following the 1993 Embassy World Championship, the BDO suspended the "rebel" players from all tournaments.
On February 1, 1838, rebel Rafael Carrera took Guatemala City, capital of the federation.
The Mai-Mai also attacked rebel forces at the villages of Katoro and Nyongera, in an attempt to advance toward Kiwanja.
This because of the different rebel groups that infest the parks in this region.
On 24 June 1685 rebel forces camped at Pensford during the Monmouth Rebellion.
On 5 July the First Mixed Brigade infiltrated the rebel lines near Brunete.
Dunn trained and rode his first World Grand Championship on the bay stallion Dark Spirit's Rebel.
Most of the village men seek to rebel but Li Kung talks them down.
Originally the song "Rebel Meets Rebel" was supposed to be released as a duet with Coe and Phil Anselmo.
He has also designed extensively for film including The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Starstruck, Rebel and Ground Zero.
In Ukraine, the most notorious peasant rebel leader was an anarchist general named Nestor Makhno.
He represents one of the 2 major former rebel groups.
He was present at the time of the uprising of the rebel army on July 18, 1936.
She is remembered as a trade union activist, as well as a rebel in the Irish Citizen Army.
Mr Boumonsef points to the recent rebel advances in northern and southern Syria.
The main rebel group fighting the Order at the beginning of the series is known as Southern Command.
Keith Richards of The Rolling Stones was once known to be an avid drinker of Rebel Yell.
He also notes that many private homes were destroyed and that Dr. Quintard's "Rebel" chapel had been destroyed.
Soon afterwards, in June 1941, rebel youths burned the stadium down.
Humayun sent another army and the rebel was captured.
In 1936, a rebel group led by Taurino Lopez burned the municipal archives of Penamiller.
The raiders exacerbated tensions, since they not only stole supplies, they also encouraged slaves to rebel.
There must be something very wrong in the state of things that makes a man like that a rebel.
It was released in 2007 on Index Entertainment and follows 2003's The Rebel You Love to Hate.
She was a leading Labour rebel supporting a referendum on the EU Lisbon Treaty.
Sedara is a rebel in Afghanistan before she is recruited by Psi-Force in the final issue.
Pockets of fighting continued at the military airbase, adjacent to the civilian airport, which had come under full rebel control.
Jupiter is abducted from the rebel base by a group of vampires who take him to their lair in Siberia.
These Gulf donors, who financed them for this reason, refused to finance groups involved in intra-rebel fighting.
According to Al-Manar, 40 Islamist rebel fighters surrendered themselves to the Syrian Armed Forces and Hezbollah on 13 August.
Finally the Spanish Republican Air Force was completely disbanded after the decisive rebel victory on 1 April 1939.
The Spanish weapons fell into rebel hands.
Since 1998, government and rebel forces have fought with little progress on either side.
The song features a sample of "4x4" by Miley Cyrus, of her singing "I'm a female rebel".
Canister shots killed more civilians than rebel soldiers.
Each rebel was bought a red shirt uniform inspired by Giuseppe Garibaldi's Redshirt volunteers, whom Wilcox admired.
Landing in Mazara in early August, 900, the Aghlabid force proceeded to lay siege to rebel-held Trapani.
They fought alongside them on raids on the Mohawk Valley against American rebel colonists during the American Revolution.
In 1643, Zhu Changhao fled south to Sichuan ahead of Li Zicheng's rebel army.
Edward is portrayed as the son of Isabella and the Scottish rebel, William Wallace, in the 1995 film Braveheart.
Each was offered with "Economy 6 or Rebel V-8 engines."
Divided sharply into city-country and Union-Rebel factions, both sides held grudges long after the war was over.
In June 1974, Cockney Rebel released their second studio album The Psychomodo.
One rebel leader, Harold Keke, did not comply with the agreement and continued to cause trouble.
It will also help end the scourge of one of the most brutal rebel groups in Africa."
The dissolution of a centralized empire allowed Tibetan peasants, dissatisfied with the political turmoil, to rebel against regional governments.
Teeling was court-martialled by Britain as an Irish rebel.
However, several other key staff members, including Liu Zhiyuan and Sang Weihan, suggested that he rebel.
These rebel soldiers, on their way to reach Manipur, pitched their tents at Malegarh.
She fought for multiple rebel groups but ended up fighting with Carranza and then revealed her true identity.
Nagma's debut film Baghi: A Rebel for Love, opposite Salman Khan was Hindi cinema's seventh highest-grossing film in 1990.
Tito Chingunji served as the foreign secretary of Angola's UNITA rebel movement in the 1980s and early 1990s.
She released her debut album Rebel Soul while affiliated with that group in 1990.
Choe Gyeongseon attacked Naju with 3,000 rebels, and the landowners of Naju began to fortify Naju against rebel attacks.
An incorrigible rebel that lives for babes, beers, cartoons, and chaos, and not necessarily in that order.
From the start of the conflict, Pope Innocent III began excommunicating rebel barons, negatively affecting their efforts.
Ibn al-Mustafad defected to the Bedouin rebel Salih ibn Mirdas when the latter besieged Aleppo in 1024.
Echuu later meets with Princess Leia on Krant during the Rebel campaign, where Darth Vader kills him.
However, in Jangheung, the rebel leader Yi Bangeon captured Gangjin in December 7.
While Rodin did not set out to rebel against the past, he created a new way of building his works.
However, the school continues to coordinate with Warrington Borough Council regarding its admissions.
BERRY GETS HONOR SCROLL Calls for a 'Normal' Pace in Public Projects and Predicts Agency to Coordinate Them."
The ACLU formed the National Committee on Freedom from Censorship in 1931 to coordinate this effort.
The agency has also served as a catalyst to coordinate efforts and encourage other organizations to deliver needed services.
However Millthorpe School continues to coordinate with York City Council for admissions.
In 1925, Archbishop John T. McNicholas developed a unified agency to coordinate all educational work in the diocese.
Also, the better the stereoelectronic interaction is, the less reactive it is to coordinate to the boron atom.
This would, it was hoped, lead to civilian panic and the inability of local opposing forces to coordinate a defense.
Congress directed the Office of the Federal Coordinator to expedite and coordinate federal permitting for construction of a pipeline.
In 1994 a project director was engaged, to coordinate the process of historical research.
The coordinate system layer implements and extends the concepts in the Climate and Forecast Metadata Conventions.
It also encouraged Hezbollah and the rejectionist Palestinian groups to coordinate their planning and to escalate their activities."
Also at this conference Premier Vittorio Orlando of Italy gave General Foch the authority to coordinate the Italian army.
It helped establish conservation areas and coordinate Heritage Open Days.
The Great Depression saw one of the first large-scale, nationwide efforts to coordinate volunteering for a specific need.
Regular userspace web servers do not need to be altered in any way for TUX to coordinate with them.
In December 2008, the party and the National Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party agreed to coordinate their political activities.
The coordinate representation of vectors allows the algebraic features of vectors to be expressed in a convenient numerical fashion.
In 1998, Prasarana was incorporated to "facilitate, coordinate, undertake and expedite infrastructure projects approved by the Malaysian government".
Features of the software allow groups of people to coordinate their work and track each other's changes.
If the basis vectors are orthogonal at every point, the coordinate system is an orthogonal coordinate system.
However, if the particle is constrained to move in a surface, a two-dimensional coordinate system is sufficient.
New space-division multiple access (SDMA) engine: multi-user MIMO, network MIMO, coordinate multi-point transmission (COMP) (Cooperative diversity), remote radio equipments (RRE).
The numbering system thus resembles a Cartesian coordinate system.
BAE Systems, Lancashire County Council and Lancashire Enterprise Partnership coordinate the site's development.
Wirral 2011 Census: Raby Mere, Metropolitan Borough of Wirral, retrieved 6 December 2014"Coordinate Distance Calculator".
This information is needed in order to accurately transform data from one coordinate system to another.
The heart is neurogenic as opposed to myogenic, so nerve cells instead of muscle cells initiate and coordinate the heart.
Go games are recorded with a simple coordinate system.
Graphene can be a ligand to coordinate metals and metal ions by introducing functional groups.
The penta-coordinate silicate intermediate 3 is postulated, but no proof exists to date.
This is achieved by defining coordinate patches: subsets of the manifold which can be mapped into n-dimensional Euclidean space.
Because the preferred coordinate system is cylindrical-polar, this type of orthotropy is also called polar orthotropy.
Also, a negative radial coordinate is best interpreted as the corresponding positive distance measured in the opposite direction.
This equation is invariant under a change in the time coordinate; just multiply by and use the chain rule.
76 Wing arrived from Cairns, Queensland, to coordinate and control minelaying operations in NWA by three Catalina squadrons.
These metals can form octahedral six-coordinate M(IV) linking units from organic dihalides and the corresponding 4-coordinate M(II) monomers.
In three-dimensional space the intersection of two coordinate surfaces is a coordinate curve.
For example, coordinate tuples change with its inverse.
In addition, we can formulate force using the concept of coordinate transformations between different coordinate systems.
Eliminations from the three-coordinate compounds are faster.
Moon, Parry; Spencer, Domina Eberle (1961), Field Theory Handbook: including coordinate systems, differential equations, and their solutions, Springer, ISBN 0-387-02732-7.
George was to coordinate his planning efforts with War Plans Division (WPD).
The International Biological Program (IBP) was an effort between 1964 and 1974 to coordinate large-scale ecological and environmental studies.
In 1947, he organized the Cominform, designed to coordinate and control the communist parties around the world.
Each voxel typically represents the activity of a particular coordinate in three-dimensional space.
The independent coordinate has sense of time.
Growlers would coordinate with each other using data-links to locate hostile radar emitters on land or on the ocean surface.
In Schwarzschild's original paper, he put what we now call the event horizon at the origin of his coordinate system.
Another type of phosphaalkyne feature pentavalent, three coordinate phosphorus.
AST A flexible and powerful library for handling World Coordinate Systems, partly based on the SLALIB library.
For other coordinate systems the coordinates curves may be general curves.
The school is now sponsored by School Partnership Trust Academies, but continues to coordinate with Wakefield Council for admissions.
Horizontal datums are used for describing a point on the Earth's surface, in latitude and longitude or another coordinate system.
The two-coordinate description of the plane was later generalized into the concept of vector spaces.
He helped coordinate the Mariners' farm system, organized spring training, and dealt with equipment problems, medical arrangements, and scouting schedules.
The remit of the EAU-RF is to stimulate and coordinate basic, translational and clinical research by qualified ICH GCP investigators.
In 1935, the federal government formed a Drought Relief Service (DRS) to coordinate relief activities.
The RB-1 was the forerunner of modern machine vision-based Coordinate-measuring machines (CMMs).
The equatorial coordinate system is a celestial coordinate system widely used to specify the positions of celestial objects.
The Institutes coordinate conferences, workshops, seminars, and colloquia.
No coordinate condition is generally covariant, but many coordinate conditions are Lorentz covariant or rotationally covariant.
The syntactic units of sentences are often either subordinate or coordinate to each other.
Chinese regulations mandate that approved map service providers in China use a specific coordinate system, called GCJ-02.
The oculomotor nerve (III), trochlear nerve (IV) and abducens nerve (VI) coordinate eye movement.
This allows the brain to coordinate sensory and motor impulses.
In this coordinate system the Killing vector field has the components.
This can be defined by this formula:for xᵢ and yᵢ representing each respective coordinate.
The two companies have agreed to coordinate marketing.
Ruiz also had a number of medical appointments, and was forced to follow a regimen which his fiancée helped coordinate.
The programmer must carefully coordinate actions to manage their side effects upon each other.
The relationship of those segments in three-dimensional space using a spherical coordinate system.
In 2010, DoD established the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Operational Energy Plans and Programs to coordinate energy issues.
The x coordinate is a continuous index.
In the Cartesian coordinate system, x is used to refer to the horizontal axis.
However the school continues to coordinate with Cornwall Council for admissions.
Each cell can be identified by integer coordinates, where the coordinate runs along the pillars, and and span each layer.
Coordinate-measuring machines include three main components:The main structure which include three axes of motion.
The "I Foro Social del 15M" was held in order to coordinate the mobilizations of the following winter.
The division lost contact with its artillery support and was unable to coordinate with attached tanks.
Today, the main purpose of these is to coordinate the cooperation and agitation of the syndicates.
Any orientation can be achieved by composing three elemental rotations, i.e. rotations about the axes of a coordinate system.
In 1977, the Grant Park Concerts Society evolved to coordinate all fund-raising for the Festival.
Applying this linear function to a vector, gives (using its linearity)so just the value of the first coordinate.
Burgos and San Juan de los Lagos sponsor and coordinate activities between both populations.
Typically, the origin and at least some of the coordinate axes of each space are different.
Unlike TiO₂, which features six-coordinate Ti in all phases, monoclinic zirconia consists of seven-coordinate zirconium centres.
While physical effects cannot propagate from inside to outside, coordinate effects could.
The unit was created in or around May 2004 to coordinate police action in relation to animal rights campaigns.
The pigment (if present) is acted upon by the enzymes to produce black or yellow colour.
Albinism is a condition where the victims do not have any pigment in their skin, hair or eyes.
Several perylene pigments have been developed for artist's paints :Pigment Violet 29 (PV29), red purple, bordeaux.
Male gametocytes measure 20 micrometres x 2 micrometres and possess 6-8 brown pigment granules.
The pigment cells reside in a narrow band along the shell's lip.
Judges may also disallow Goldens with pink noses, or those lacking pigment.
Other industrial applications include the use of MnO2 as an inorganic pigment in ceramics and in glassmaking.
The pigment is insoluble and has no tendency to migrate in the material.
The shells and flesh of crustaceans such as crabs, lobsters and shrimp contain a pink carotenoid pigment called astaxanthin.
Any shade of gray from charcoal to platinum gray with Black pigment.
Early tattoo inks were obtained directly from nature and were extremely limited in pigment variety.
Merrifield cites 1220 for the introduction of shellac as an artist's pigment in Spain.
Goats expressing the tan pattern have coats pigmented completely with phaeomelanin (tan/brown pigment).
Reduced pigment production decreases the deposition of pigment along the hair shaft, restricting it to the tips.
It is also used for electrolyte in a Weston standard cell as well as a pigment in fluorescent screens.
The surface charge of the pigment plays an important role in dispersion consistency.
Laser treatment causes tattoo pigment particles to heat up and fragment into smaller pieces.
According to the pigment handbook, atramentum is a historical pigment or ink based on carbon black.
Each pigment cell is situated at the apex of the hexagons and thus lines the outside of three ommatidia.
D. dadantii is a member within the genus that is able to produce the pigment indigoidine.
This dark red pigment, a derivative of the compound atromentin, has subsequently been identified in other species of Hydnellum.
Cinnabar was first used for pigment by the Romans.
Therefore a "key" pigment, usually black, is added to printing to produce dark shades more efficiently.
Cryptothecia rubrocincta is easily recognized by the bright red pigment in the thallus.
Eyebrow embroidery is another option which involves the use of a blade to add pigment to the eyebrows.
Both red and black pigment in the hair are also diluted.
Horns, claws and mucosas are mostly pigment free.
The binder polymerizes essentially locking the pigment plates together.
Up to five pigment granules may be present clumped into a single mass.
Many watercolors are more vibrant if they are in higher quality pigment.
Purple of Cassius is a purple pigment formed by the reaction of gold salts with tin(II) chloride.
American Indians used copper minerals of the Verde district at modern-day Jerome as pigment to decorate skin and textiles.
The fungus also produces pyomelanin, a brown diffusible pigment.
The green pigment is described as a "insectoverdin" type, which means it is a mixture of yellow and blue chromoproteins.
What you are left with is a uniform coating of binder and pigment.
The red colour used in the codex is red ochre, an iron-based pigment.
Conspicuous greenish-black pigment granules are located in a distinct vacuole.
Genetically, it is the same as Showa, but lacking either red pigment (Shiro Utsuri) or white pigment (Hi Utsuri/Ki Utsuri).
The high concentration of anthocyanin pigment can be used as a natural food dye.
One of the most common diarlyide yellow pigments is Pigment Yellow 12.
The colonies produce a red pigment and remain smooth and covered with short aerial hyphae.
Treatment of ferrocyanide with ferric-containing salts gives the intensely coloured pigment Prussian blue (sometimes called ferric ferrocyanide and ferrous ferricyanide).
The subretinal exudate consists of cholesterol crystals, macrophages laden with cholesterol and pigment, erythrocytes, and hemosiderin.
The three types of pigment chromatophores in salamanders include yellow xanthophores, black melanophores, and silvery iridiophores (or guanophores).
The experimental method involved transplantation of skin from black mice (with black melanocyte pigment cells) to white mice (without melanocytes).
In the 1960s Falck embarked on research of monoamine related substances in epidermal pigment cells (melanocytes) and in malignant melanoma.
This whitening is indicative of cell damage, which occurs in the retinal pigment epithelium and outer segment layer of photoreceptors.
Pigment cells of the iris pigment epithelium have a separate embryological origin.
The yellow cuticle is composed of 15 layers which contain yellow pigment.
Removal of the NCKX5 protein disrupts melanogenesis in human and mouse melanocytes, causing a significant reduction in melanin pigment production.
The hematin pigment is produced by flukes as a byproduct of feeding on blood.
As a primary plant pigment, its glycosides are highly abundant in nature.
There are two dark pigment spots on the inner surface of the fore-femur.
The colour of the album cover is primarily cadmium yellow, a pigment used by painters.
The paintings are made of a permanent pigment called potassium silicate.
There are pigment cells that are distributed throughout the cortex, giving the hair its characteristic color.
Some marble trout have red spots that merge with the rest of the pigment, always only along the lateral line.
The traditional method making the pigment was called the stack process.
Related to Mycobacterium fortuitum: can be distinguished by its intense pigment production, and its slow rate of growth.
In 2004/05, 85,000 tonnes of pigment was produced at a value of approximately $300 million.
This paint pool should be evenly mixed and dispersed to prevent uneven pigment load on the brush.
However, pigment changes and thinning of the skin become more prominent.
HogSozzle focuses on unsigned bands, artists and comedians, as well as featuring a hog roast and pigment paint fight.
Since watercolours can have very low pigment levels, they need extra protection from UV.
Some are more or less hyaline, while others are encrusted with a golden pigment.
The red pigment fades from margin toward the center with age.
The body is translucent yellow with more opaque yellow pigment on the papillae, rhinophores and gills.
They contain granules that have a purple-brown pigment.
The resulting wine, with this loss of tannins and pigment, will have a paler color and taste softer, less astringent.
The lower edge of the caudal fin can be white in color with all of the other fins lacking pigment.
To make blue stained glass, cobalt blue (cobalt(II) aluminate: CoAl2O4)pigment was mixed with the glass.
The iris pigment epithelium (IPE) is a two-cell thick layer of cuboidal cells lying behind the iris.
Pulvinic acid is a natural chemical pigment found in some lichens.
She specialises in the use of egg tempera, pure pigment combined with water and egg yolk.
Breeding may reduce the pigment load of the plant's oils over time.
After purchasing the exclusive rights to this pigment in February 2016, Kapoor faced a backlash from the artist community.
He first sythezized the Potassium cobaltinitritelater used as Aureolin pigment.
Myxotrichum deflexum produces a pinkish red diffusing pigment and may produce stains on paper surfaces.
In contrast, grays retain skin pigment and only the hair becomes white.
Black pigment mixed with Paraloid B 72 can be used for reconstruction of missing parts.
It is aerobic, gram-positive, non-spore-forming, non-motile, exhibits a rod-coccus growth cycle and produces a yellow pigment.
Yellow species have rhizocarpic acid, a pigment that makes them yellow.
Where "P" means pigment, and the number following it is the wavelength of light absorbed.
The Sea snails Murex brandaris and Murex trunculus are used to make the pigment Tyrian purple.
This second pigment is what colors all the "true red" or yellow parts of a dog.
Since these spots match the coat color, they are not visible unless the surrounding pigment is removed.
The pigment eumelanin gives brown hair its distinctive color.
Parts of the membranes of halobacteria are purplish in color and contain retinal pigment.
Albinism and other types of pigment mutations also occur in the animal and plant kingdoms.
Melanin is an effective absorber of light; the pigment is able to dissipate over 99.9% of absorbed UV radiation.
Vandegrift, therefore, decided to conduct a series of small unit operations around the Matanikau Valley.
The devotees should conduct fast and remain in the temple on the previous day.
The Think Tank features several interactive displays that teach visitors how zoologists conduct their studies.
But, it retains state regulatory jurisdiction regarding: (1) consumer protection and market conduct, and (2) state disciplinary authority.
Joseph Ledbetter was arrested on several occasions spanning from 2011 to 2014 for public intoxication, resisting arrest, and disorderly conduct.
They conduct nearly all marriage ceremonies among the giants, even those involving evil giants and priests of evil deities.
While also a popular society figure in Richmond, bishop Gibson became known for his simplicity, sincerity and reverent conduct.
Their conduct, however, was sufficiently linked to their employment as policemen, particularly when viewed against the background of the Constitution.
During the voyage he wrote a defence of his conduct The State of Bengal and presented it to Henry Dundas.
Awards were announced for the Star of Courage, the Bravery Medal, Commendation for Brave Conduct and Group Bravery Citation.
Zero for Conduct was shot from December 1932 until January 1933 with a budget of 200,000 francs.
The entity to conduct this $1.6 billion project is named the San Francisco Bay Area Water Emergency Transportation Authority.
He also arranged a Safe conduct to visit the captive King David.
Therefore, for those men in "striped shirts", hunting butterflies became the prize for good conduct.
The stick was deemed illegal and McSorley was given a two-minute minor penalty for unsportsmanlike conduct.
The Government of Mysore used to send its scholars to conduct Kannada exams which the Sangha used to hold periodically.
Once John Kerry became Secretary of State, speculation began on whether the department would conduct a second QDDR review.
By 1945 the allies had gained nearly complete air superiority, allowing the 48th to conduct its missions at will.
Astaire admitted that he was attracted to the film by the opportunity to "dance-conduct this real swingin' outfit".
The conduct of the Civil War resulted in long-lasting bitterness on both sides.
He tested the site but did not conduct any excavations due to negative results.
That conduct should give pause to any financial institution or business still choosing to deal with Iran."
For his part, Kondo found it "mesmerizing" to watch Choi conduct.
Lawrence's conduct of the defence was admired by many.
Not wanting to conduct research, Griffth's left Republic to join the Timken Company.
Otto Bruderer, a managing partner at the bank, said in court that "Wegelin was aware that this conduct was wrong."
In response, the Italians allowed the Serbs to conduct their own Serbian Orthodox religious services in the town.
The conclave condemned Jan Hus, who was executed by burning in spite of a promise of safe-conduct.
The preselected group of applicants had then to conduct another exam at the Universidad de Buenos Aires.
She and her mother were charged with disorderly conduct.
To conduct film shows at different educational institutions and small towns to create awareness among the people.
These require money to buy new vehicles and the required insurance, which often requires schools to conduct extra fundraising.
In 2003 unrest broke out in the town when hospital officials refused to conduct an autopsy on a Tonga driver.
Fusion centers, law enforcement professional associations, and additional entities conduct these types of briefings in a variety of venues.
Badger was cited, "For distinguished conduct in battle, engagements of Vera Cruz, 21 and April 22, 1914.
Both the Colorado Bureau of Investigation and the Colorado Attorney General's office launched investigations into Newsome's conduct.
Israel has lodged multiple complaints regarding Lebanon's conduct.
And we've yet to figure out a code of conduct for addicts who click, click, click.
She was released in early January 2007, a year earlier than her original sentence, for good conduct.
Together, these programs have taught us how to live, build and conduct science in space.
This was not Carter's first breach of conduct with the club.
Instead, they do no more than intimate "merely parallel conduct that could just as well be independent action."
His conduct in the engagement won him the Silver Star, the Purple Heart, and the Presidential Unit Citation.
Conduct of examinations and valuation are centralized.
In January 2005, Australian conductor Simone Young became the first woman to conduct the Vienna Philharmonic.
Commander Higgins' conduct throughout was in keeping with the highest traditions of the Navy of the United States.
On 13 October 2010, Butler was expelled from the BNP, allegedly for breaching the party's code of conduct.
Court would convene once per month, with judges and patrons travelling long distances to conduct business.
In announcing the decision, Roger Goodell noted that it was the fifth time Suh had been disciplined for on-field conduct.
On August 22, 2016, Brisbane consented to provide $870k to conduct a year-long Olympics feasibility study.
Unions report that, under the present system, many employers use the 45- to 90-day period to conduct anti-union campaigns.
While not as formalised as the Assassins' Guild Code of Conduct, Guild thieves are expected to work to certain standards.
He served on the Select Committee on Elder Abuse and the Select Committee on Police Conduct among others.
The Committee persuaded the Council to request that the Free Library Services Board conduct a Library Survey in St Kilda.
During the next three months, she cruised the Korean coast to clear anchorages, conduct surveys, and plant buoys and moorings.
Unheroic conduct : the rise of heterosexuality and the invention of the Jewish man.
The alliance coordinates social events, form partnerships with stakeholders, conduct educational outreach and provide health assistance.
Conduct extensive research on budgets and policies to enhance CSBAG's ability to influence budget decisions.
Staff at the museum conduct research, gathers materials, and records relevant oral histories under the guidance of the CAC.
From 1957 to 2004, she led no less than forty five expeditions to Mongolia and Buryatia to conduct fieldwork.
College students go to the villages and work with the children; they conduct classes and extracurricular activities, surveys, camps etc.
An implied-in-fact contract is a form of an implied contract formed by non-verbal conduct, rather than by explicit words.
The union formed clandestine cells within Ethiopian-controlled towns to conduct sabotage and intelligence operations.
The conduct of hostilities under the law of international armed conflict.
Its primary responsibility is to secure Indian airspace and to conduct aerial warfare during a conflict.
12 were selected to conduct the election.
The SLTC Global campus allows them to conduct simulated and energized training for companies all over the world.
Many newspapers require that vendors sign a code of conduct or otherwise "clean up their act".
The parents' attorney hired Howard Shane of Boston Children's Hospital to conduct testing of authorship.
In 1936 he received from EIAR a proposal to conduct Cetra Orchestra in Torino.
Voice-based systems provide response personnel with the ability to conduct orderly evacuation and notify building occupants of changing event circumstances.
The only medal/award he received was the Good Conduct Medal.
As a result of the decree, alchemists were forced to conduct their practice in secret.
He was however posthumously commended by George VI of Great Britain on 24 June 1950 for Brave Conduct.
Additionally, the district must conduct an annual review of that policy with students.
So the liquid (oil or any organic compound) cannot conduct electricity.
The Marines provided the RDJTF the capability of projecting sea power ashore and then conduct land operations.
Luther also does not deny that the Christian may ever "improve" in his conduct.
We were in dense jungles to conduct shooting for Koothu.
On the other hand, public charities (but not private foundations) may conduct a limited amount of lobbying to influence legislation.
There were six indictments: manslaughter; two counts of obstruction of justice; incitement to false testimony; false testimony; improper conduct.
She then continued north along the coast to conduct an exercise with Canadian forces off Esquimalt, British Columbia.
He served with distinction in Egypt, and was awarded a sabre of honour for his conduct.
The Knights of Columbus help to conduct services within the Parish periodically throughout the year.
This prompted her to conduct extensive research about women and their place in music history.
During February and March, NITs conduct annual sports contests in their respective locations.
This made it easier for researchers to conduct the experiment without the subjects understanding the risks.
His conduct was highly meritorious, and he has been since promoted.
The effect of this mantra is producing the "Samadhi Realm of Adamantine Indestructible Conduct."
The diversion operations also frustrated an opponent trying to conduct an elastic defence.
There are trumpets and trombones in both series and the Meister series also includes a flugelhorn and bass trumpet.
The lake is regularly stocked with catfish, bass, bluegill, and trout during the winter months.
Paul Burnley (vocals), Sean Heywood (guitar), Mark Vince (guitar), Archie (bass), Stewart Baile (drums).
Striped bass and hybrid striped bass have been stocked in the lake.
Jon Rozzelle (bass) -- Rozzelle was the Spongetones bassist from the summer of 1986 until the spring of 1987.
It has two Vintage Jazz Bass Single-Coil Pickups (stock).
In 2001, at the request of Billy Duffy, Morrison joined The Cult as the band's new touring bass player.
From the rivers, estuaries and seas they harvested shad, smelts, gaspereau, cod, salmon, bass, etc.
He is best known for building 6- and 12-string acoustic guitars, but also builds acoustic bass guitars.
The melody in 3/4 time and E major is simple and regular with a wide range with a chaconne-like bass.
Gabrielle left the band a short time later and Aaron Britt took over as the bass player.
These 10-foot-long sheet metal idiophones are played with a bass bow to create low resonating tones.
It was there when Bruford suggested to have his King Crimson bandmate Tony Levin play bass on the album.
Formally, Siddharta continued their work without a bass player.
The lyrics accompany a "punchy octave synth figure" synchronized with a drum and bass beat.
In 2010, he contributed bass to the debut album by Swahili Blonde with ex-Weave!
Fish species in the river include northern pike, crappie, smallmouth bass and carp.
Copying the bass lines and teaching himself the guitar.
Little originally played piano, but switched to bass after serving in the military.
Bassist Derrick Anderson plays on all tracks except "Through Your Eyes", which features bass work by Matthew Sweet.
For ballads, he played walking bass lines on the bass pedals.
Kona guitars are included in the Acoustic, Electric and Electric Bass Guitar Starter Packs For Dummies.
The root is omitted because the root is played by the bass player.
Seltzer played bass and drums on Route Zero.
By 1977, they had recruited bass guitarist Eddie Chin and drummer Jim Toomey, and renamed themselves The Tourists.
Striper and their hybrids, as well as white bass, are also abundant.
Poland thereafter became a full-time member of the band, along with Samuelson (drums), Mustaine (lead vocals, guitar), and Ellefson (bass).
The bass guitar on the song is played by Klaus Voormann, a friend of The Beatles from their Hamburg days.
The track is also known for Bill Wyman's so-called "dive-bombing" bass line at the end.
The search for a new bass player continued.
Yet, BHarv is best known for his mastery of the bass.
Nordlund joined the band Souls in Helsingborg in 1991 with Johan Karlsson (bass), Andreas Danielsson (guitar) and Tony Fideke (drums).
Fish included sunfish, catfish, bigmouth bass, and black bass.
The left hand plays the ostinato bass line while the right hand plays the upper melody.
The album features Dethklok members Gene Hoglan and Bryan Beller, on drums and bass, respectively.
Concerto for Free Bass Accordion was written for the solo Free-bass system accordion by John Serry, Sr.
He also sang bass on the soundtrack for the The Temptations mini series.
In the episode entitled "Unshockable", DeMarcus is electrocuted by what turned out to be their bass tech Travis Murray.
At school in South Yorkshire, he learnt to play guitar and bass guitar.
Bass Drum of Death is an American garage punk band from Oxford, Mississippi signed to Innovative Leisure Records.
The ship is named Sea Bass, after the Japanese sea bass a fish native to local rivers and estuaries.
Lyons asked a friend to build a 2-string bass for him and started learning the Morphine repertoire.
The Mark VI Soprano, Baritone, and Bass models were produced from 1954-1981.
Simon Jones joined in to play bass and Seventh Angel performed concerts around Horsham and Stourbridge during the spring.
Yanowitz was also the bass player, songwriter, and producer for the band Morningwood.
The guitars, bass, and drums gradually fade out, leaving only the repeated violin and cello motif.
Its members were Thomas Cohen (vocals), Bradley Baker (machines, press), Samuel Kilcoyne (keyboards), Huw Webb (bass), and Melissa Rigby (drums).
The design of the bass guitar changed several times during the 1960s.
The bass is played by Ron Carter, the guitar by Hugh McCracken and the drums by Ray Lucas.
The group is currently owned and managed by bass vocalist, Ray Reese.
The show's star, Paul Sand, portrayed Robert Dreyfuss, who played double bass, while Steve Landesberg played violinist Fred Meyerbach.
Rob Such (Twelfth Gate, ex-Syris) joined the fold on bass in the summer of 2011 thus rounding out the line-up.
They were joined by Pauline Moran on bass and Marion "Rusty" Hill on keyboards.
It is one of the few Deep Purple songs to feature Ian Paice using double bass drums.
The spotted bass is known to hybridize with the smallmouth, which sometimes makes identification difficult.
The band originally consisted of Willis on guitar, Savage on bass (after originally playing guitar), and Kenning on drums.
Billy was originally recruited to play less "busy" bass parts than their then bass player.
By 1989 the pair were joined by Zupanovich, Martin Moon (ex-Marigolds) on drums and Tony Italiano on bass guitar.
In particular, his writing for bass instruments is far more demanding than that of other composers of his era.
After the Northern Lights, Underwood went on to form The Rosemary Beads, with Little (bass) and Cam Munachen (drums).
The Bass Coast Rail Trail is a Rail trail located in the Bass Coast Shire of Gippsland, Victoria, Australia.
TNN Bass Tournament of Champions was followed by the sequel TNN Outdoors Bass Tournament '96.
It is a location for bass, channel catfish and bream fishing.
Perception features keyboards by Reggie B."Confession" features keyboards by Joe Miquelon and bass guitar by Jimmy Dykes.
Sitek was set to record the bass for the band's fourth studio album, entitled The Great Escape Artist.
Later they were joined by Hans Castro (drums) and Raphael Vaz (bass guitar), forming a four-piece.
ASCII tab files usually have the file extension .tab, .btab (for bass guitar) or .txt.
Turner began playing the bass guitar in 1989 and in 1990 he formed Deer Bubbles with then partner Adalita Srsen.
Bass singer Freddy Barksdale joined the group in 1956 when Pat Gaston also joined the air force.
Anglers also fish for whitefish, largemouth and smallmouth bass.
The band brought in Gustaf Hielm (ex-Meshuggah) to play the bass on the record.
The original three band members were James Bellizia (guitar), Jason Cooley (bass), and Luke Hughett (drums).
One week before their first show they brought Marrs in to replace Louis on bass.
The band's permanent members were Mick Murphy (lead vocals), Bob Collins (guitar) and Mark Matthews (bass).
He studied cello and double bass at the Royal Academy of Music in London.
It is vocal music, accompanied by a double bass.
In addition to the remix, Sykes and Murray re-recorded the lead guitar and bass parts.
The remix replaced a light and breezy rhythm with a hard-pounding beat coupled with reggae-style bass.
Largemouth bass, grass carp, and crappie are present, with trout fishing the main attraction for anglers, especially on opening day.
Important fish species include smallmouth bass, northern pike, musky, channel catfish, walleyes, red-finned mullet, and common carp.
The album featured Tyler Bates on electric, acoustic, and bass guitars; keyboards, arrangements and programming.
Eliot Kennedy uses it for one purpose, a "classic dancefloor bass sound."
He is an endorser of Modulus basses, and Mark Bass bass amps.
Lipp wrote that this track did an excellent job of showcasing Abrams' skills on the double bass.
John Szmidt also arrived, and replaced Matt Taylor on bass at the start of 2008.
Before being recruited as an actor, he spent many years as a bass player, guitarist, and blues harmonica player.
The bass-baritone's required range can vary tremendously based on the role, with some less demanding than others.
Todd is currently Chairman of the Tower Permit Commission for southeast Texas.
Accessories for more typical multimeters permit some of these measurements, as well.
The chimaera birdwing is listed on CITES Appendix II, restricting international trade to those who have been granted a permit.
Most U.S. States with low population densities commonly permit bicycle use on interstate freeways outside urban areas.
The SEQRP 2009 does not permit urban development outside of the Urban Footprint.
Four-wheel drive vehicles on Fraser Island need to obtain a vehicle permit.
In the United States, certain shelters do not permit access to men.
In February 1999 he signed for Wycombe Wanderers after initially being refused a work permit.
For example, these methods permit preventing "R" rated content from being played.
She refuses to tell them directly, but does permit them to attempt to discover the answer for themselves.
Divers must first obtain a permit from the Island Harbour Authorities, which is available through diving shops and centres.
Beck retained the construction permit, and partnered with Ernest Moody and Claude Hill to bring KCEB back on the air.
The suit allege thousand of violations of the city's National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System Permit from their sewage treatment plant.
While the trial was formally public, admission to it was by permit issued by district committees of the Communist Party.
Corax devised an art of rhetoric to permit ordinary men to make their cases in the courts.
The King was persuaded to permit d'Arlandes and de Rozier to become the first pilots.
The Federal Communications Commission issued a construction permit for the station on June 18, 2003.
He promises to marry Vyry and buy her freedom, but Marse John won't permit it.
Coral collection is not allowed in the state waters of Hawaii without a research permit.
Adequate safety stock levels permit business operations to proceed according to their plans.
One person has been issued a permit to discharge stormwater into an unnamed tributary of the stream during construction operations.
The permit was eventually granted on 3 July 2007 and the deal was completed.
He voted against reducing the application fee for obtaining a concealed carry permit.
To permit its use for high-horsepower locomotives, the motor was split in two.
This Large District Allowance will permit large rural districts to have many fewer voters than the average district enrolment.
The corners of the mine have small posts to permit stacking of the mine.
Seasonal small game and deer hunting is allowed with the proper permit.
In May 2016, the Israeli government revoked Barghouti's travel permit, limiting his ability to freely travel abroad.
As he was unwilling to"permit the multitude to die of hunger.
There is a trail in the park, but using it requires a permit.
These wires guide light in the form of an evanescent wave, permit very sharp bending of the light.
Colleen had to acquire a special permit to drive.
Such stand-alone power systems permit operations at night and at other times of limited sunlight.
In 1923, voters approved a constitutional amendment to permit the use of bonds to finance irrigation projects.
The pass is non-transferable and generally does NOT cover or reduce special recreation permit fees or fees charged by concessionaires.
The new optics permit the Navigation Doppler Lidar to accurately measure the vehicle's velocity relative to the ground.
Default permit - "Everything, not explicitly forbidden, is permitted"Allows greater functionality by sacrificing security.
Members of the public will no longer need to obtain a permit to enter the excluded areas.
With a special permit it is sometimes possible to sand-ski at the world's highest dunes in Sossusvlei.
This permit can be obtained at Leh.
McCullough would have been killed many years before but Bruno refused to permit the murder.
This station received its original construction permit from the Federal Communications Commission on August 10, 2000.
WETD received a construction permit from the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to increase power from 350 watts to 3.5 kilowatts.
The order's statutes were specially amended to permit the admission of Queen Mary as a Knight Grand Commander in 1911.
As studied in detail by Gualtieri the generalized complex structures permit the study of geometry analogous to complex geometry.
The construction permit was granted on March 19, 2001.
Major works on the main street were required to permit this, including new pedestrian paths, parking areas and lighting.
Problems with obtaining a work permit saw this fall through and he returned to Stoke.
Many jurisdictions have enacted statutes that permit a pretermitted child to demand an inheritance under the will.
Many jurisdictions that generally disallow hearsay evidence in courts permit the more widespread use of hearsay in non-judicial hearings.
In many cases the medium in which the wave propagates does not permit a direct observation of the true form.
Hughes and Briggs were both in for a shock as "Crasher" was adamant that he would not permit the flight.
USACE personnel evaluate permit applications for essentially all construction activities that occur in the nation's waters, including wetlands.
Normally, CAFO operators are subject to the terms of their permit for a period of 5 years.
Utah requires a permit to carry a concealed firearm.
105.9 FM was initially a construction permit with the call letters WVSL in 1991.
The Tequila Regulatory Council of Mexico originally did not permit flavored tequila to carry the tequila name.
He had to wait an entire year to get an official shooting permit.
Likewise parishes which are too small should be united insofar as the situation demands it and circumstances permit.
Permits for ports should include: clean air permit, construction permit, discharge permit, dredge permits and water discharge permit.
The KC-135s were redeployed to permit increased B-52 operations at U-Tapao and F-111 deployment at Takhli.
Because of this, many competition production companies permit photography at their competitions.
In the U.S., a construction permit is valid for three years.
The important finding is that there are a number of reactions with rates greater than these minimum barriers would permit.
Sheriff Wetzel said that the law "doesn't permit you to execute somebody once a threat is gone."
It may be the only man-made structure in the United States where BASE jumping is allowed year-round without a permit.
Several other groups applied for the allocation and a long fight for a construction permit ensued with the FCC.
The Systems Architect's work must avoid implementation issues and readily permit unanticipated extensions/modifications in future stages.
The official names for learners also vary, for example "Learner Driver Licences" or "Learner's Permit".
Bixler then applied for a license on channel 40, and was granted a construction permit for that channel in 1976.
The station made its debut in June 1996, however the station maintained its construction permit status.
Subsequently EPA issued an initial Vessel General Permit (VGP) with an effective date of February 6, 2009.
Meanwhile, a construction permit was issued in 1983 for a new station on 830 AM to Doylan Forney.
The use of low-fire clay and glazes permit the construction of large objects and brighter colours.
The production schedule would not permit any more breaks and the director was obliged to continue shooting.
Actor libraries or frameworks have also been implemented to permit actor-style programming in languages that don't have actors built-in.
This type of interchange does not usually permit U-turns.
The tunnel closed again from 23 December 2007 to permit tracklaying and resignalling for the East London Line extension.
Tijerina obtained a permit from the Arizona Department of Education to construct a school and to educate their children.
Britain "would be agreeable to permit" the participation of Argentine meat packers of up to 15%.
After this action, authority to issue construction permits for the road transferred to the CoE in a new permit process.
Furthermore, not all Chinese nationals in Hong Kong or Macau have a Home Return Permit.
Interested parties must file an application for construction permit during the appropriate AM application filing window".
The start of the harvest is determined by the publication of a harvesting permit, usually issued from late August.
However, the government would only permit them to leave the country if they had secured visas for overseas destinations.
Night and predator hunting is only permitted by daily permit cards from the property manager.
Furthermore, more than 40 lawsuits were filed against the government in regards to the problem of permit allocation.
Sgro denied she had done anything wrong, and argued that she granted the permit on compassionate grounds.
The LDS Church requested a special exception permit, which specified how the temple would be used.
Three other ships reported tropical storm-force winds.
Showers and storms can also develop along stationary fronts, and winds move them down the front.
The strongest winds hit Wales and Northwest English coasts.
Throughout southwestern Puerto Rico, the storm brought moderate rains, strong winds, and rough seas.
After attaining peak winds of 125 mph (205 km/h), the effects of cooler ocean temperatures began to weaken the system.
Hurricane Sandy had tropical storm-force winds when it reached Connecticut October 29, 2012, with four deaths blamed on the storm.
The R3Y set a transcontinental seaplane record of 403 mph in 1954 by utilizing the speed of high-altitude jetstream winds.
After its abandonment, strong storm winds ripped off a roof section and the damage was not immediately repaired.
In Mississippi, winds gusts peaked at 45 mph (72 km/h) with sustained winds of 39 mph (63 km/h) in Waveland.
In the Swiss Alps winds over 200 km/h were recorded.
The strongest cyclone of the season, the third hurricane, peaked at Category 3 strength with 125 mph (205 km/h) winds.
Regionally, these winds are known by many different names.
These winds caused scattered power and communication losses throughout the Peninsula.
In North Carolina, the large wind field of Gladys produced tropical storm force winds near Manteo.
He sees Isabelle mingling, but bumps straight into Kay, an ex-girlfriend, who winds him up, lambasting him.
However, contrary winds delayed him and the frigate sailed.
Gusty winds were also reported, causing power outages to over 100,000 people.
In eastern Hualien County, 250 houses succumbed to strong winds.
Many low-lying areas of Manila were underwater while strong winds damaged homes and trees.
Terrific winds and pestilential disease marked the long journey, and twenty people died.
The procession winds its way along the main streets of the historic center completely in silence.
Senior forecaster Ewan Mitchel said winds from a cold front picked up dust from north-east South Australia on 22 September.
Later on September 20, Charlie peaked with maximum sustained winds of 65 mph (100 km/h).
Sustained winds of 25 miles per hour (40 km/h) or greater are usually required.
Winds were generally light, peaking at 45 mph (72 km/h).
"Strong winds, heavy rain hit Bahamas as Tropical Storm Rita gathers strength, heads West".
Storm winds damage historic downtown buildings".
"Freak winds may have led to fatal brick wall collapse".
While making landfall, it also brought tropical storm force winds along the northeastern Mexican coast.
Further strengthening occurred, as the storm attained peak winds of 45 mph (75 km/h).
While Preneuse was attempting to sail under the protection of the coastal forts at Baie-du-Tombeau, erratic winds drove her ashore.
Late on September 21, Harvey made landfall in Southwest Florida with winds of 60 mph (95 km/h).
The severe waves can be a result of high winds, landslides, and earthquakes.
Pretty good strong breeze today, 15 to 20 mile per hour sustained winds, coming up from Orlando.
The winds were fierce on 30 July and overnight, giving both fleets pause.
After a brief stop at Punta Delgada, they encountered heavy seas and gale-force winds.
"Cyclone Bobby brings powerful winds and rare heavy rains to much of Western Australia" (PNG).
Being a tropical plant, it is not suited to frost and cold winds.
Summer frequently features thunderstorms that are preceded with persistent winds and occasionally produce small grain-sized hail.
Strong winds contributed to power outages and blowing and drifting snow.
The weather was problematic, with 75 miles per hour (121 km/h) winds, rain, and a lack of snow.
The continuation of the street winds up to the tomb of Samuel the prophet, after whom the street is named.
He offers her play North Winds to producer Sam Woods.
The cyclone's overall strength increased, with surface winds building from 11 mph (18 km/h) to 67 mph (108 km/h).
Evaporation is around 1,000 mm/year, amplified by strong and frequent winds, resulting in long periods of drought in the summer.
An Examination of the Neo-classical Wind Works of Igor Stravinsky: The Octet for Winds and Concerto for Piano and Winds.
Another death was reported near Carthage, Missouri due to straight-line winds.
Sustained winds reached 48 knots (89 km/h) at Lan Yu, Taiwan.
The fire spread eastwards by strong westerly winds and consumed three-quarters of the town centre in 24 hours.
He winds up in hospital and still hasn't found his son.
They require well-drained soil over a moisture-retaining substrate and a sunny position protected from cold winds.
High winds also damaged large swaths of forest and crops, mostly affecting the banana industry.
The strong winds accompanied by heavy snow fall set historic new snowfall records in Alabama.
He likes to sleep on the school roof, and play in the winds.
As the hurricane passed offshore, winds reached 60 mph (97 km/h) near Tampa Bay.
"High winds cause power outages in Wellington".
In Far North Queensland, Kathy brought moderate rainfall and strong winds to much of the region.
The squadron had assembled by 17 June 1800, but for ten days the winds and tides prevented the operation.
Analogous to prevailing winds creating certain favoured trade routes, the relatively static fixed gravity waves form favoured travel paths.
Typhoon Della struck Kyushu Island in southern Japan with winds of 100 mph.
Near record level winds were reported from Finland, where 200,000 were left without power.
By this time, the system was evolving into a more typical tropical cyclone, with stronger winds closer to the center.
The prevailing winds are out of the northwest and west all year.
In the district of Maroantsetra, landslides and strong winds caused widespread infrastructural damage, which also rendered 500 people homeless.
On January 16, the storm developed-hurricane-force winds and Eric began to undergo rapid deepening.
On the 29th, Winnie reached its peak intensity as severe tropical storm with (10-min) winds of 65 mph (100 km/h).
The winds drove the ship back; on 3 April, she was further north than she had been a week earlier.
The winds peeled off tin roofs, allowing rainwater to douse home interiors.
Intensification renewed, but maximum sustained winds leveled off at 45 knots (83 km/h).
Coupled with this were high winds which reached gale force in many areas leading to blizzard conditions.
Strong winds also uprooted trees and downed power lines in several states.
Interplanetary space extends to the heliopause, whereupon the solar wind gives way to the winds of the interstellar medium.
Major employers include Chinook Winds Casino, city government, Lincoln County School District, and Samaritan North Lincoln Hospital.
High winds also disrupted communications in some areas, and several houses were damaged, with losses reaching about $781,000.
The MFR named it Tropical Depression H4, estimating peak 10-minute winds of 55 km/h (35 km/h).
By far the most famous section of the Cave of the Winds is the Silent Splendor room.
Strong winds uprooted trees or snapped their limbs, damaging power lines and knocking out power.
The strong winds from Percy knocked out power and communications infrastructure in Swains Island.
Besides the "big, wild, and connected" lands, ACT proposed the Hogtown Creek Greenway, which winds through western Gainesville.
The cost of high sides is extra weight, extra wind resistance and increased susceptibility to cross-winds.
When Helene moved through Georgia, it had sustained winds of around 30 mph (48 km/h), with higher gusts.
15 Philippine Airlines flights from different airports were canceled due to heavy rain, gusty winds and near zero visibility.
The vegetation is usually gnarled and short, due to the high elevation, exposure to clouds and prevailing winds.
Gale-force winds ripped through Downpatrick and County Londonderry overnight.
In the southernmost counties in the state, the winds left about 15,000 electrical customers without power.
Kristen reached its peak intensity of 50 mph (80 km/h) winds on August 6.
The road winds through the scenic, mountainous country of New Hampshire north of the White Mountain National Forest.
Plans were put in place to construct suitable facilities for the F-117A at Holloman.
In 2012, Drax Biomass announced plans to construct a 450,000 metric ton per year wood pellet production facility in Gloster.
India announced a $19.93 million project to construct cotton ginneries at Ngabu, Ngara and Balaka in 2009.
It encourages students to "construct their own meaning" (with guidance from peers and facilitator of consensus process).
Unconstrained by physical limitations, users are free to choose and construct their virtual forms and identities.
Initially, plans were in place to construct a Bass Pro store on the location.
Residents construct themed scarecrows and place them outside their houses for a week while there are various fundraising events held.
There are also plans to construct a tram network in Tbilisi.
The U.S. Congress appropriated $25,000 to construct the light on March 3, 1891.
The area in which Augustus wanted to construct Classe was in a lagoon.
The original appropriation was to construct a pair of range lights, for reasons that remain obscure.
The legislation authorized the expenditure of $25 billion to construct these "interstate highways" from 1957 to 1969.
Quickly, the construct relationship was abandoned and replaced by the use of the relative particle ܕ, d-, da-.
The granite stone used to construct the kerbs are irregular in size, depending upon where they are located.
In 2010 the club put in a proposal to the council to construct a 2600 capacity playing arena.
One can explicitly construct the spinors, and then examine how they behave under the action of the relevant Lie groups.
The residence remained a rental property until 1930 when it was to be demolished to construct a warehouse.
As studies of online community proliferate, the concept of online community has become a more accepted social construct.
We construct a new POVM to distinguish between and.
From this fact it is straightforward to construct the limiting points algebraically or by compass and straightedge.
It is often advantageous to construct a CLIN Schedule that matches an outline of the work statement.
Teams of contestants construct elaborate Rube Goldberg style chain-reaction machines on tables arranged around a large gymnasium.
Next, we define a construct called a superfield:f is self-adjoint, of course.
They proved that each of these techniques is as secure as the block cipher that is used to construct it.
In "Limited" tournaments, players construct decks using booster packs plus any additional basic lands of their choice.
Additionally, plans are in the works to construct new roads connecting littoral towns in the region to the main highway.
When development is completed, larvae construct cocoons to pupate.
Independent validation studies indicate that the measure demonstrates excellent construct validity.
Next, construct a "necklace" of smaller, linked tori that lie inside A⁰.
The winery took three years to construct, as most of the work was done by Wagner and his family.
George Marsh contracted Zook and Wilson of Van Wert to construct a new hotel for a cost of $28,757.
In April 1999, the Board of CSU trustees decided to give $27 million to construct post-earthquake projects.
Hinkley Point C nuclear power station is a project to construct a 3,200 MW two reactor nuclear power station.
Here I wanted to depart from the standard three or four movement concerto and construct something different.
Next to the word are several images that can be used to construct the word.
In all, over 1,500 workers helped construct the building.
Identities are a social construct, and once cemented, are almost impossible to alter.
Each player uses both hole cards along with the board to construct a hand, like in Texas hold 'em.
All of this makes a rugby infrastructure difficult to construct, and the islands are beset by rising sea levels.
In biological systems, nucleic acids contain information which is used by a living cell to construct specific proteins.
He befriends a woman name Ann and finds work helping construct the Hoover Dam.
The first PPNB period involved construction of massive earth architecture, layering soil with reeds to construct walls.
In 1879, the area was purchased to construct the new post edifice, which was unveiled on September 1, 1885.
Much of the Urus' diet and medicine also revolve around the same totora reeds used to construct the islands.
Frameworks like Spring can construct these same objects and wire them together before returning a reference to client.
Multiple microservers can be put together in a small package to construct a microdatacenter.
Jebediah's research eventually led him to construct a machine that enabled him to travel through time and space.
Following Catholic emancipation in 1829, the need to construct churches and cathedrals to serve this population became critically apparent.
It is possible to construct languages which are not even recursively enumerable, however.
Areva has partnered with engineering contractors to aid in the reconstruction of Iraq by manufacturing equipment to construct electrical substations.
In administrative terms, multiple choice items that are effective usually take a great time to construct.
Poles from different ages in a single area can be used to construct an apparent polar wander (APW) path.
In the following months, the regiment practised their horsemanship, conducted small arms and bayonet training, and learned to construct trenches.
New theory has recognized the layering and potential internal contradictions within all practices that construct masculinities.
The American and Soviet governments enter a race to construct identical copies of the machine.
Franklin writes that Night is the account of the 15-year-old Eliezer, a "semi-fictional construct", told by the 25-year-old Elie Wiesel.
Lastly, the construct could be related to other elements of the work.
In February 1843, the residents formally petitioned the government to construct the route.
Some researchers have used search engines to construct sampling frames.
The design is such that a person with normal mechanical skills can construct and operate one.
In 1898, work began on the construct of the Emery meetinghouse.
At this time, Bethlehem decided to construct a drydock, although it would take into the 1920s to make this happen.
His company went on to construct the Forth Bridge which was completed in 1890.
For Hugh and I, the first goal was to construct something more intimate.
In 1926, parts of this building were taken to Point Chevalier and used to construct the public library there.
Conversely, every utility function can be used to construct a unique preference relation.
Novo Ozamiz also expand and construct their own bigger building with a hotel named Asia Novotel in 2010.
Mathematical sociology is the area of sociology that uses mathematics to construct social theories.
He also reportedly helped construct the bombs and was one of the first to be arrested.
Just as Cyrus instructed the Jews of Babylonia to construct the Second Temple.
He struggled to find a new way to construct the canal.
We are thus led to construct a hierarchy.
However, Dudley's mission is not to help construct a cathedral, but to spiritually guide Henry and the people around him.
The commissioner of metro railway safety (Southern Circle) had given permission to construct the skywalk.
He is shown as being turned into an Orange Lantern construct.
In 1889 part of the Watersheddings area in north east Oldham was selected to construct sporting facilities for the town.
These were the old caravan routes and British were the first to construct asphalt roads on these routes.
Requires 30 crystals to construct; limit of 3.
This was achieved via 4-D scheduling software that told builders how to construct it.
In particular they outlined a work program that would allow poor people to construct and rehabilitate housing.
They construct a cylindrical shelter made from joined leaves of its host plant where it rests during the day.
Miller and her husband decided to construct their own winery in 1980.
Sandstone was used to construct the window and door openings.
It was agreed that students from several professional schools would construct the fisherman while local companies would sponsor the materials.
Multirotors are generally more affordable, easier to construct, and simpler to operate than RC helicopters.
Native Pewee Valley limestone was used to construct the building in a Gothic Revival style.
EnergyPATHWAYS is a comprehensive accounting framework used to construct economy-wide energy infrastructure scenarios.
In 2010 plans were put forward to construct a large detention center at Ketziot for illegal immigrants.
In 1902 funds were raised to construct a church at Washington and Maynard streets.
Lawrence uses the technology to construct the spaceship he has wanted since he was a teenager.
Donnelly converted the resultant spot kick to put Celtic ahead.
The studio album, titled Celtic Woman: A New Journey, was released on 30 January 2007.
Celtic entered the final as favourites, with Kilmarnock as underdogs.
WCNI (90.9 FM), the college radio station, broadcasts a variety of music including polka, blues, and celtic music shows.
The Greek historian Herodotus says Pyrene is the name of a town in Celtic Europe.
The discovery of tombs from the third century BC indicates that the site was occupied during the Celtic period.
The next round caught media and football fans attention when Celtic were paired with Blackburn Rovers.
His 57 League and Cup goals in season 1926-27 remains a record at Celtic.
In 1988 Jon Mark released a CD, The Standing Stones of Callanish, intended to evoke Britain's Celtic legacy.
There is a Celtic supporters club in Gibraltar.
McQuillan is a legendary ex-Celtic player as well as the coach's son-in-law, and has a reputation for being troublesome.
Celtic celebrated their 125th anniversary in November 2012, the same week as their UEFA Champions League match against Barcelona.
The bell has a faint outline of the Christian Celtic cross upon opposing sides and has an ornamental peripheral border.
It was re-released as a single in 1993 after it had reappeared on the compilation album Celtic Heart.
The name is said to have come from the Celtic word for elm, Lemo.
Flatfoot 56 has been playing a positive-natured brand of hardcore-tinged Celtic punk.
Folklorists of the 19th century saw these figures as Celtic fairies.
The huge fortifications recognised in the 19th century, but then misinterpreted as medieval, are also part of the Celtic complex.
In 228 BC, Hamilcar was killed, witnessed by Hannibal, during a campaign against the Celtic natives of the peninsula.
Willo Flood career statistics at Soccerbase"Willo Flood: We're good enough to take points off anyone, including Celtic".
It also goes into further detail of the layout, even what each position on the Celtic cross means.
Some people speak Celtic languages in the other Celtic diaspora areas of the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand.
Mars Iovantucarus was a Celtic god who was associated with the Treveran healer-god Lenus Mars at his sanctuary at Trier.
The group also consists of former Celtic Woman singer Alex Sharpe and former Celtic Woman choir member Edel Murphy.
Dean guided Celtic to runners-up and promotion on the back of 10 straight wins at the end of the season.
During the Celtic period it was one of the two administrative centres of the Cantiaci tribe.
It seems likely that Celtiberian split off before Cisalpine Celtic, but the evidence for this is not robust.
They were replaced by the Romanized Thracio-Celtic Tricornenses.
So, there would probably have been a fair amount of contact, wiiling or not, between the Roman and Celtic peoples.
The early lead came from Presbyterian ministers with a renewed interest in the early Christian church and the Celtic saints.
Bathanatos was a Celtic king in Thrace that ruled the Scordisci.
The Society does support Celtic heritage activities in the United States through an affiliated non-profit organization.
The Duero group, possibly the precursor of the Celtic Vaccei.
Other Celtic words for violin also have meanings referring to rounded appearances.
Weekday names used in-game reflect the Celtic mythology that the game evokes.
Porto had made it to the Super Cup after beating Celtic in the 2003 UEFA Cup Final.
It is believed to have roots in Celtic Christianity, perhaps a minor branch of the Tallaght Maelruain or Kilnamanagh monasteries.
Fitzpatrick came through the youth system at Motherwell and made his debut against Celtic on 12 May 2004.
On occasions of the renovations at Rennweg, archaeologists discovered in 1989 for the first time traces of a Celtic settlement.
From 1913 to 1954 he was Professor in Celtic languages at the University of Oslo.
Music ranges from traditional Gaelic and Celtic bands to more progressive bands that merge rock and Celtic sound.
In March 2005 17 Celtic coins were found in Echt (Limburg).
Cha then scored his first Celtic goal against St Johnstone in the SPL on 26 December 2010.
However, over time, the Veneti began to adopt the dress and certain other customs of their Celtic neighbours.
Their style is a mix of Celtic, rock, reggae, Gnawa and chaouie music.
On 2 April 2007, Telfer brought forward his retirement and officially left Celtic to be with his family in England.
Around 60 BC, the Celtic Volcae people withdrew from the region and were succeeded by the Germanic Quadi.
Lug is the Celtic god of light, and the name 'Lea' may be derived from this name.
She was one of the top five finalists but she lost to 11-year-old Bianca Ryan and Irish step-dancers/fiddlers, Celtic Spring.
Sports Hotline: Celtic fans reckon they've swapped one £10m keeper for another Daily Record.
Overflow parking is available at Celtic Park.
In January 2010 he was linked to Scottish club Celtic.
He then moved into non-league football with Stalybridge Celtic, Leigh RMI and Winsford United.
The p-Celtic Welsh language also translates the Latin "day of the sun" as dydd Sul.
The presence of a Land of Faerie, or an Otherworld, betrays the story's Celtic roots.
The result was an album that included elements of Celtic and Arabic music.
The Heuneburg settlement reflects important sociopolitical developments in early Celtic Europe.
Later McGrory quipped, "McGrory of Arsenal just never sounded as good as McGrory of Celtic".
Ireland's pre-Christian heritage fused with the Celtic Church following the missions of Saint Patrick in the 5th century.
Heusaff was amongst the founders of the Celtic League, and Breton News became merged into Carn magazine.
He was part of the Llanelli Scarlets team that won the Celtic League title in 2004.
Arubianus or Arubinus was a Celtic god of the inscriptions in Southern Germany, and in Austria and Slovenia.
The name came from Celtic word arevalon, meaning "place near the wall."
Henry names this town as Dormchester a name which he translates from the Celtic Kair-Dorm.
The Celtic Gods of Marvel Comics live on the island of Avalon.
There are also some Celtic standing stones.
It is a fifteen-foot Celtic cross of granite, situated in East High Street.
San Juan Jabloteh signed a three-year partnership with Celtic of the Scottish Premier League.
Bangura made his Celtic debut for Celtic on 10 September.
This indicates that she belonged to the illegal Celtic Christian faith.
Celtic Tiger is my finest work to date.
Penn is the Brittonic Celtic word for "head" or "top", which here is likely used for "hill" or "peak".
Ballinroad grew rapidly during the Celtic tiger era and is now one of Dungarvan's main dormitory areas.
Jimmy Delaney played one trial for Wishaw before signing for Celtic later moving to Manchester United.
She performed with the Mansfield Symphony Youth Orchestra for two years before switching to Celtic music in 2005.
His second son, Andrew Holmes Reed, lies nearby to the south, beneath a large grey granite Celtic cross.
He is now the official Club Ambassador at Celtic.
Another notable characteristic is its knotted tail, reminiscent of Celtic design and similar to that of the griffin.
The next four seasons at Celtic saw Lennon win a further two league championships and two Scottish Cups.
Is the ultimate expression of everything Stivell felt about his Celtic roots and their place in the vider cultural context."
His time at Celtic was ultimately over after the signing of Georgios Samaras.
This collaborative venture between the Manx and London branches of the Celtic League was ultimately successful.
Best had a brief spell at Cork Celtic in December 1975 and January 1976.
Thomas Richmond, a local historian, erroneously assigned it in 1868 to "a late Celtic, or early Anglo-Saxon period".
The Celtic languages are well-known for their initial consonant mutations.
In summer 1990, Nicholas returned to Celtic.
He starred for Duntocher St. Mary's, a boys' guild team, before signing for Celtic in 1943.
In Celtic mythology, Rhiannon, a mythic figure in the Mabinogion collection of legends, rides a "pale-white" horse.
Indeed, although later primarily considered a defender, the position he appeared in most frequently for Celtic was outside left.
Their music is characterized by the folksy sound of their native province, including Celtic, English, and French influences.
Airy's diffraction limit is also frequently used to determine an approximate spot size at an arbitrary distance from the aperture.
Base metal was originally popular because it could approximate platinum's color, sterling silver fulfilled the same function.
The method yields approximate values of the unknowns at discrete number of points over the domain.
Titles in brackets are an approximate translation.
There, Einstein used rectangular coordinates to approximate the gravitational field around a spherically symmetric, non-rotating, non-charged mass.
Approximate dates of production for Galanite Toys were the late 1960s through the 1970s.
It is for these approximate areas that statistics are available.
The school has an approximate population of over 700 students and around 90 staff.
Higher degree polynomials can also be used to approximate the function and its root, while bracketing the root.
The models are each named for their approximate wing area in square metres.
Bourlamaque increased scouting activities, and learned from captured British scouts the approximate size of the British force.
The limit of the areas of the approximate parallelograms is exactly πr², which is the area of the circle.
Artificial intelligence (AI) in healthcare uses algorithms and software to approximate human cognition in the analysis of complex medical data.
Therefore, actual dwell time will depend on the length of the approximate circular arc in the coupler curve.
The old castle, today demolished, had an approximate rectangular plan, with towers on each vertice.
It is of approximate use in predicting cultivation problems and the engineering of foundations.
The approximate duration of the work is 32 minutes.
Its area is 16 km², its approximate length is 10 km, and its approximate width is 3 km.
This formation is the approximate shape of a right triangle, with Deneb located at one of the acute angles.
The North Carolina government has installed a sign marking the approximate location of the battle.
The models are each named for their approximate projected wing area in square metres or their relative size.
She died in Pakistan on 6 December 1982 at the approximate age of sixty-five.
The violin is also considered a very expressive instrument, which is often felt to approximate the human voice.
The idea is that majorities voting in elections approximate the result of a coup.
For the CE topology, an approximate h-parameter model is commonly used which further simplifies the circuit analysis.
MBP has an approximate molecular mass of 42.5 kilodaltons.
Approximate population in the 2001 census was 230,000.
Weicht continued to lead his squad forward until he spotted a road block approximate 125 yards away.
The tiers or levels here are approximate and not specifically so designated by USSF.
The approximate number of Caspian red deer in eastern Georgia dropped from 2,500 in 1985 to 880 in 1994.
Musrigharari is located at an approximate distance of 8 km from Samastipur on NH28 and NH103.
In general, the approximate ratio of fresh leaves to produced tea is 50,000 buds: 500 grams.
Many have tried to approximate his diction, but he stands alone.
The approximate external diameter of this possible broch is 15.5 metres, with an internal diameter of 6.5 metres.
Approximate formulae for the parameters and their variances were also derived.
Thyroid cancer is one of the most survivable cancers, with an approximate 94% survival rate after first diagnosis.
The bit error ratio can be considered as an approximate estimate of the bit error probability.
Notion Capital has raised three venture funds, with an approximate total value of $290 million.
Another more easily located reference to the western boundary is the approximate line of Minnesota State Highway 56.
However, due to the ordered nature of sorted arrays, it is trivial to extend binary search to perform approximate matches.
The book contains descriptions of surgery, illnesses, medicinal plants, and a detailed study on anatomy (approximate date).
The dates are approximate, indicating period of introduction.
The village is between Thrissur and Triprayar and having an approximate distance of 14 km and 9 km respectively.
For comparison, nighttime illuminance levels are:For a table of approximate daylight intensity in the Solar System, see sunlight.
Longstone is located inland, at the approximate geographic centre of the island.
The stadium, which covers one full city block, has an approximate capacity of six-thousand spectators.
As there is no publicly available imagery of the only Taepodong-2 launch, all estimates of technical parameters are approximate.
The model number indicates the approximate wing area in square meters.
Chemical plants or units in continuous operation are usually in a steady state or approximate steady state.
Despite making approximate estimates, a limitation of smFRET is the difficulty of obtaining the correct distance involved in energy transfer.
Another monument had already been erected at the approximate spot where his father fell.
However, there are approximate protocols for estimating the parameter using the chi-squared goodness of fit statistic.
The Matigsalug of Bukidnon have an approximate population of 146,500.
This is an approximate summary of the content of the Freiheitsschrift using page numbering as appears in Schelling's Works.
Spain has an SPR with an approximate size of 120,000,000 barrels (19,000,000 m³).
Replacing the water pump is an approximate $1800.00 USD repair.
Photographs of Earth from far enough away, such as the Moon, approximate this perspective.
It comprises grades 9-12 and had an approximate enrollment of 332 students for the 2008-09 academic year.
Note that multiplying historical U.S. prices of the period by 15 will result in an approximate value in today's prices.
In Tokyo several wigs for the protagonist were created, each with an approximate cost of $7,000.
We know nothing about him personally, other than the approximate date of his work.
The pitch number below is approximate since there are alternative belay stations and the possibility of linking some pitches.
The Reading Railroad Bridge (1853-56, still in use) crosses the Schuylkill at the approximate location of the Chain Bridge.
Approximate post time was 5:50 p.m. Eastern Time.
The city of Naples (modern Italy) is attacked by Saracens from Egypt demanding an annual payment (approximate date).
According to the vocal score, the approximate duration of the work is 66 minutes.
The free margins of valve cusps no longer approximate leading to aortic valve insufficiency.
Most commonly used ions are those with approximate mass of 69, 131, 219 and 502 atomic mass units.
Simulation models are approximate imitations of real-world systems and they never exactly imitate the real-world system.
It is NP-hard to approximate the pathwidth of a graph to within an additive constant.
In 2006 the village had an approximate population of 270.
Due to four different hip injuries, she had skated for an approximate total of 24 months in four years.
It includes a dome-monitor of 5 meter in diameter and of an approximate surface of 40 square meters.
Many of the tepui heights are approximate and likely to change as more accurate measurements become available.
Approximate running time: 36 minutes in 4 parts.
The earliest atlas (Ptolemy's Geography) is made (approximate date).
The displayed parallel is approximate and for illustration purposes only.
This makes the bent functions naturally hard to approximate.
The same approximate meaning is used across the Finnic languages such as in Estonian leil.
Eileanchelys is a small turtle, with an approximate carapace length of 250 to 300 millimetres (9.8 to 11.8 in).
Once an approximate position fix is obtained the receiver begins to use the slow corrections to improve its accuracy.
Gearhart Hall was expanded over the approximate location of the old Commerce Building.
NB: The dates are approximate for most of the early rulers.
More probing revealed an approximate length of 37 feet (11 m), with all of the vessel preserved under the sediment.
An approximate chemical formula for beeswax is C₁₅H₃₁COOC₃₀H₆₁.
The approximate 800 mm width of the stone wall is neither straight nor parallel with the title boundary.
After the initial peak, radio traffic through the incident followed an approximate factor of three steady increase.
The town was laid out in May 1865, and by December was incorporated with an approximate population of 20,000.
It is indicated that the approximate value of media exposure through print during the Games was equated to $22.9 million.
Before World War II Chudek served in Polish 114th Fighter Escadrille.
In 1917, with the rank of captain, he joined the Polish 2nd Corps in the East.
The opera was in German, although the librettist, Jerzy Jarocki, was Polish.
David Blacha (born 22 October 1990 in Wickede) is a Polish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Wehen Wiesbaden.
Even though Kielce Corps began its march towards Warsaw, it did not reach the Polish capital.
As part of the Vilnius Region, Jasiunai belonged to the Second Polish Republic during the interwar period.
In 2012 he took part in the third series of the Polish version of Must Be the Music.
In 1986, the secret police seized the band's passports to prohibit them from performing at the Polish music festival Jarocin.
The soldiers of the First Regiment made their way to the territory of Second Polish Republic.
She plays classical piano and speaks Polish, French and English.
Leon Rekawek (born 1905, date of death unknown) was a Polish wrestler.
The adoption of the May 3rd Constitution provoked the active hostility of the Polish Commonwealth's neighbors.
The 575 TK/TKS tankettes formed the bulk of the Polish armoured forces before the outbreak of war.
Michal Haratyk (born 10 April 1992 in Cieszyn) is a Polish athlete specialising in the shot put.
Krzysztof Kiersznowski (born 26 November 1950) is a Polish actor.
In 2007 he was awarded the Wiktor, the prize of Polish public television, for the best Polish TV actor.
The routine attacks on Polish underground units by Soviet partisans could not have been circumvented by Jews in their ranks.
For the last time before the dissolution of the Polish state, the village was bought by the Jarocinski family.
On May 15, 1919 he joined the Polish Army.
ZPAV publishes the Polish Music Charts and awards music recording sales certifications.
The early modern era of Polish history follows the late Middle Ages.
LucidSamples website is provided in 4 languages: English, French, German and Polish.
These figures did not include Jewish collaborators, but did include the "Trawniki men" and Polish police under his command.
Zdzislawa Barbara Sosnicka (born 29 August 1945, Kalisz) is a Polish singer who became popular in the 1970s and 1980s.
His feature debut titled Rewers (Reverse) won first prize, the Golden Lion, on Polish Film Festival in 2009 in Gdynia.
The Polish crisis of 1980 and 1981 involved large-scale anti-Communist protests in the heartland of Soviet-controlled Eastern Europe.
Weronika Nowakowska (born 7 July 1986) is a Polish biathlete.
Hanna Elzbieta Zdanowska (born March 29, 1959) is a Polish politician.
He was also a member of the Polish Writers' Association and the Polish Philosophical Association.
The 63rd Observation Escadrille was a unit of the Polish Air Force at the beginning of the Second World War.
Following this, Range sits on a couch and uses the nail polish to colour her nails.
PRON was mentioned in the amended Polish communist constitution, where it replaced the Front of National Unity.
For his service to the Polish team he was awarded a Davis Cup Commitment Award.
Heartbeat is a song recorded by Polish singer Margaret for her debut studio album, Add the Blonde (2014).
It also includes rooms dedicated to Polish-American emigration and contributions of Polish émigrés to American culture and history.
Mieczyslaw "Mietek" Detyniecki (born 28 November 1938 in Warsaw) is a Polish artist.
Effinger prevented the access of Polish Jewish refugees.
Among the major formations on the Polish side was the First Polish Army.
Machulishche (Belarusian: Machulishche, Polish: Machuliskowo) is a village in Belarus.
Most Germans fled or were expelled and replaced with Poles expelled from the Polish areas annexed by the Soviet Union.
Further controversy surrounds the Polish garrison's commanding officer, Major Henryk Sucharski, and the executive officer, Captain Franciszek Dabrowski.
In 1819 the gradual elimination of Polish language in schools began, with German being introduced in its place.
His books, on the theory of relativity, were translated into English, French, German and Polish.
Dawid Szulich (born May 19, 1990 in Warsaw) is a Polish swimmer.
In St. Petersburg he was a member of the underground Polish officer organization, led by general Zygmunt Sierakowski.
The Polish Hound has a keen sense of smell.
In France he deserted and joined the 2nd Polish Army, led by general Wladyslaw Anders, in Italy.
Capcom later admitted that Street Fighter 5 "needed more polish".
Free Jerusalem includes a chapter by Eldad ("Meanwhile, A European Interlude") about Polish Jewry on the eve of war.
It manufactures paints, thinner and wood polish products for decorative and industrial use.
It was one of the biggest economic projects of the Second Polish Republic.
Polish orthography is the system of writing the Polish language.
Barbara Merta (born 10 January 1977) is a Polish female former volleyball player, playing as a middle-blocker.
During the skirmish a Polish fighter plane appeared over the battlefield.
Polish commandos took part in security operations on Iraqi Oil Platforms.
He also sang the Polish version of Cheek to Cheek (Polish title: W siodmym niebie - "In Seventh Heaven").
The Polish Treasury currently owns 62.1 percent while LOT retains 37.9 percent.
The first cinema adaptation of the novel was the joint Polish-Czech film Dvanact kresel (1933).
Polish consul general in Vancouver demands answers for death.
For instance, the Soviets quickly began confiscating, nationalising and redistributing all private and state-owned Polish property.
Marek Konwa (born 11 March 1990 in Zielona Gora) is a Polish cross-country mountain biker.
10 BRDM-2M-96ik were used by Polish forces of ISAF.
Marzena Godecki (born 28 September 1978) is a Polish-born Australian actress.
Wojciech Krysiak is a Polish male acrobatic gymnast.
And this half-heartedness was typical of Polish Kantism generally.
Although formally he was not part of the Conference of Polish Bishops, he played an important advisory role.
The book has been praised by critics, and is seen as part of the Polish canon of children's literature.
Of these, 87.5% were of Belarusian, 6.4% Russian, 3.4% Ukrainian and 1.9% Polish ethnicity.
Then Russian authorities sacked many Polish teachers.
In the Second Polish Republic Studnicki devoted his time to writing.
In 2008 the "Polish Archaeological Mission "Tyritake" of National Museum in Warsaw" commenced works at Tyritake, Crimea.
Since 1962, Polish law (including the Constitution) does not allow the government to revoke someone's citizenship.
Some Polish towns, mainly in northeastern Poland (in Podlaskie Voivodeship) have mosques.
They also alleged Kosinski wrote The Painted Bird in Polish, and had it secretly translated into English.
After playing for Chipola Junior College, Latoya signed with the MUKS Poznan in Polish 1st division for the 2009-2010 season.
On 6 October 2015 he became the manager of Polish side Legia Warsaw.
Jozef Maczka was also a known poet, the most important poet of Polish Legions.
The growing number of Polish nationals could double in the next decade depending on economic conditions in Poland.
Usta Usta is a Polish comedy-drama television series based on the British series Cold Feet.
Konskowola is also known as the place of death of the Polish poets Franciszek Dionizy Kniaznin and Franciszek Zablocki.
Besides the British there are many notable Czekoslovak, Polish and Russian military burials.
He encouraged publications of biographies of famous Polish historical figures, and sponsored their paintings and sculptures.
ORP Gryf was a school and hospital ship of the Polish Navy, a second vessel to bear that name.
Poland occupied Zaolzie, an area whose population was majority Polish, in October 1938.
The battle ended with a Polish victory and the reconquest of Pokutia.
His father spoke Yiddish, Polish, and Russian.
After World War II the area was placed under Polish administration according to the post-war Potsdam Agreement.
The Polish heavy hussars of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth were far more manoeuvrable than the heavily armoured lancers previously employed.
An Exclusive novella was adapted and directed by the young Polish director Krzysztof Szot.
Newer research points out some other intriguing possibilities regarding the early origins of the Polish state in Greater Poland.
Located in the facade is the main entrance, framed by sidelights, a transom window, and a pair of elaborate pilasters.
Bach ornamented the simple melody, in twelve phrases reflecting the twelve lines of the opening verse, with an elaborate coloratura.
The west tower has elaborate buttressing, panelling and battlements.
Roman villas, such as Littlecote Roman Villa visited by Hart-Davis, had elaborate mosaics and ornate gardens.
Its elaborate connection with Philips can be witnessed in its sponsoring, shared technology and board member ties.
The in-port cabin is more lavishly furnished, with separate bedroom and combination sitting room/office, and more elaborate toiletry facilities.
Anne Mack had a very long, elaborate criminal record, and was known to have a "very infirm temper".
Posner also asserts that the Saudis have built an elaborate doomsday scenario around their oil fields.
The most elaborate featured multi-storeyed, arcaded facades and were elaborately decorated with marble, stucco and statuary.
It is now an elaborate ruin managed by English-Heritage.
Gravestones vary from simple upright tablets to more elaborate late Victorian types.
The oratorios Esther and Deborah include elaborate choruses drawn from his earlier Coronation Anthems.
There is a rich history and elaborate religious symbolism associated with icons.
Critics labelled the proposed complex "Bredesen's Bunker," and derided it as too elaborate and expensive.
Ellis Waterhouse suggested that the genre of elaborate costume pieces was as much a decorative as a plastic art.
The video (directed by Guy Sagy) features an elaborate dance led by Israeli dancer Uriel Yekutiel, a frequent collaborator.
The throne of the Byzantine Empire (Magnaura) included elaborate automatons of singing birds.
They perform an elaborate display that includes wing fluttering, jumping, standing upright, crouching with ruff erect, or lunging at rivals.
The interior had carved marble chimneypieces, many elaborate ceilings and plasterwork of a high quality.
This theme park featured elaborate models of miniature towns built entirely from Lego bricks.
Here one can find Chaucer's most elaborate display of rhetorical art.
The King staged elaborate tournaments which included scripted spectacle as much as genuine sporting competition.
In many states, large and elaborate armories, often built to resemble medieval castles, were constructed to house militia units.
In some cases, elaborate choreography for the upper body was used to camouflage fundamental deficiencies of skating technique.
This building endeavor was one of the most elaborate military architecture achievements of the Middle Ages.
Built for the protection of a small stupa, the structure has two stone platforms decorated with elaborate stone carvings.
During this festival, dancing, music and elaborate decorations and food offerings are a common feature.
The tool is lightweight, portable, and easily implemented by workers without the need for elaborate set-up or sophisticated safety apparatus.
Some of the most prestigious clubs had elaborate lighting systems that throbbed to the beat of the music.
His urban settings are jewel-like and full of elaborate allegorical detail.
He continued to live an elaborate lifestyle, however, and had multiple affairs that he made no effort to hide.
They described it as "one of rock's more elaborate, beguiling and strangely rewarding concept albums".
An elaborate wooden frieze extends the full length of the verandah and early timber venetian blinds provide shade and privacy.
Northampton's is a comparatively elaborate war memorial, especially for a town rather than a city.
Many celebrities and over 1,000 people attended the elaborate funeral, which received international media coverage.
Following the signature in this case would be an elaborate monogram, the signatures of any witnesses, and then the seal.
Standard triangular gables and party walls replaced the more elaborate matou or Guanyin dou styles, with concrete tops.
It also supplies fairly elaborate bookkeeping facilities appropriate to its on-line operation.
Within the next millennium, wares were decorated with elaborate painted designs and natural forms, incising and burnished.
Birikim is a well-reputed liberal-left journal, publishing elaborate articles on social and political issues.
These fender chains featured elaborate braking mechanisms to allow a ship of up to 10,000 tons to be safely stopped.
The Harwood Family children's cemetery, with elaborate cast-iron fencing produced by the Cincinnati Ironworks, is located on the grounds.
Loki returns to the party and offers an elaborate series of insults (flyting) of the gods.
As the Divine Office grew more important in the life of the Church, the rituals became more elaborate.
He created an elaborate system of censors to remove corrupt officials from office that spread such rumors.
The uploaded people believe that they are "alive", but in reality they are playing elaborate and advanced fantasy games.
Eleven artists made elaborate homes for rats, each less than two square feet.
The very lack of decorations in tombs seem to have led to much more elaborate decoration of coffins.
Convention cities made elaborate preparations and tried to put on bigger events than the previous hosts.
Many owners customize these scooters with elaborate customizations and paintwork and attend well-organised scooter rallies.
Late in the era, elaborate barding was used in parade armour.
Most species have elaborate mating rituals, with the Paradisaea species using a lek-type mating system.
The outer gatehouse, which consists of a winding staircase and an elaborate bent entrance, leads to the summit.
The action was a part of an elaborate pageant organized by the Wisconsin Department of the American Legion.
The palp's conductor is also highly variable and elaborate in Seothyra, and usually longer than the tegulum.
Distinguished performances with elaborate details solidified the Opera House's popularity.
The tile-work of Emperor Shah Jahan is of a richer and more elaborate nature.
It opened in 1921 and was considered the most technologically advanced and elaborate theatre in the United States.
The castle is occupied by strangers in elaborate costumes celebrating an annual convention.
An elaborate performance of ancient court music (with accompanying dance) known as Jongmyo jeryeak is performed there each year.
In the 17th century, bags became more complex and elaborate.
The main gimmick of the show is that the entire "millionaire" premise is actually an elaborate ruse.
Thus, the film crew had to relocate to Bangkok, Thailand, where an elaborate two-block set was built.
The interior retains original woodwork and other features, although it is not particularly elaborate.
It resulted in a stalemate, with both sides digging in, creating elaborate trench systems.
Elaborate ceremonies chronicle the life cycle of a Newar from birth till death.
The graffiti became increasingly elaborate, and soon developed into a form of art.
Between the noons of Saturday and Monday he dictated an elaborate bill of sixty-six sections.
In the second series, the final risk became more elaborate.
The two collaborators concocted an elaborate production plan that startled the established personnel of the Imperial Theatres.
They perform elaborate greeting rituals at the nest, stretching their bills and necks skywards and gently tapping bills together.
There are elaborate court scenes that test our patience for two and a half hours.
Part 3 is essentially an extended version of "Elaborate Burn", another song on Lifeforms.
With the introduction of "boutique" grappas, elaborate flute glasses have been promoted; traditionalists continue to taste grappa in shot glasses.
Richelieu's elaborate plan then began to unravel.
Size varies greatly, from elaborate large-scale to simpler, smaller works.
An elaborate men's hair-cutting salon illustrated by a gilded domed skylight catered to about a dozen guests at a time.
The building is distinguished by elaborate brick facades, interlaced with bands of polished colored stone.
The door is flanked by paired Corinthian Columns and pilasters situated on a pedestal, supporting an elaborate entablature.
The more elaborate decorative details are found on the buildings that were built in the 1880s and the 1890s.
Soon after its discovery this elaborate collar was acquired by the British Museum.
The first restaurants in the modern sense, with elaborate cuisine and service, had appeared in Paris just before the Revolution.
Some of the more elaborate tours may include original music and interviews.
The Nri kingdom is famous for its elaborate bronzes, found at the town of Igbo-Ukwu.
The upper parts of the columns have semicircular arches leading to carved lintels, the whole structure forming an elaborate screen.
The earth's interior is somewhat on the order of an elaborate amusement-park tunnel of love.
Historical epics typically are more grand-scale than other types of epics, featuring elaborate sets and large numbers of extras.
These later developed into more elaborate designs, in the Irregular Polygon series (67), for example.
The southern side of the carriage gateway is the most elaborate, with the archway having four courses of moulding.
Like most members of the family Paradisaeidae, the male is polygamous and performs an elaborate courtship display.
He may have received a near fatal wound on the same campaign in which the Young King died in 1183.
Wound and pathogen response appear to be interact negatively.
The two hide in a nearby cell, where Billy dies from a chest wound.
Frank's gunshot wound to the abdomen had never healed properly and would occasionally re-open and bleed.
Mickey survives, but unfortunately, the hit from the alcohol bottle and a deep stab wound ends Maggie's life.
Some of the $600,000 that Lowden had spent had wound up in the pockets of two convention delegates.
He is severely burned, except for a small rectangle over his heart where there is an arrow wound.
Wedorf resumed his studies one year later after suffering a battle wound to his arm.
Susan removes her weight belt and uses it to apply pressure to Daniel's wound.
He eventually wound up in the United States.
The authors concluded that optimization of the local wound environment was significantly influenced through cleansing with polyhexanide solution.
There was a gunshot wound in his right temple and a revolver was found alongside the body.
As the wound failed to respond to antibiotics, in July of that year her leg was amputated below the knee.
Despite the way he entered the league, Streater wound up finishing fourth on the team with 584 receiving yards.
All electrical cables are somewhat flexible, allowing them to be shipped to installation sites wound on reels or drums.
Her cures did not only consist of applying herbs to a wound or feeding a recipe to the sick.
The Meissner Signal Shifter used plug-in grid coils wound for amateur radio frequencies.
She suffered a head wound which was stitched up at the hospital.
After 9.00 p.m., taxicab driver Sidney George Spicer was found dead from a gunshot wound on Thruxton Down, near Andover.
Once they are in the wound site, monocytes mature into macrophages.
The company soon wound up and made no more movies.
These include poor wound care, an elderly, diabetic or immune-compromised patient or a virulent or antibiotic resistant pathogen.
His screen career had wound down by 1942, but he made one final appearance in the 1951 film Soldiers Three.
He survived the war despite at least three wounds, which was the minimum required to win the Silver Wound Badge.
His hand appears to be pointing towards Venus, possibly at the wound in her chest.
It was at a temple of Demeter Thesmophoros in Paros that Miltiades received the wound from which he died.
Two of the hacker's men catch up and wound Hathaway, who manages to kill them.
In microangiopathy, neuropathy and autoregulation of capillaries leads to poor perfusion of tissues, especially wound base.
GAE is caused by the amoeba entering the body through an open wound then spreading to the brain.
Simon, despite his fears, bravely tries to fight it off, suffering a wound in the process.
The trawl is a sort of big fishing net that is wound on the windlass.
Army autopsies recorded Fetterman's death wound as a knife slash.
As such, from early December Australian operations on Timor would be progressively wound down.
Somehow we wound up in the studio.
In 1982, he belatedly received the Purple Heart for the wound he received on 26 August 1918.
Any illness, injury, or fatal wound was healed without scarring by the portrait.
McGowan received his final wound at Spotsylvania where he was hit and suffered a minor wound to the forearm.
At the very beginning of the fight he received a wound to his knee which was to prove fatal.
They also cleanse the wound by secreting proteases that break down damaged tissue.
It is a weakly barred spiral galaxy with loosely wound arms.
The Federal Court ordered on 23 May 2007 that Macquarie University Union Ltd be wound up.
It ceased to function, at the latest, during the French Revolution, but may well have been wound up before then.
His temple had a gunshot wound from a 9mm pistol, suggesting that his death was an apparent suicide.
To Europe and his band the wound seemed superficial.
For 'tis grievous to wound in the rear the back of a flying man in hostile war.
Nassour committed suicide with a self-inflicted knife wound to the heart in 1962.
In the end, Phil and Mrs. Hayden were both dead and Spenser's wound was torn open again.
His combat career ended after a serious third wound to the face.
Chronic wound pain is present for six months or more and occurs without any manipulation of the wound.
Both men fired their revolvers true and they both died from a gunshot wound seconds later.
Unlike most engines, which have nested coil springs wound from round wire.
In it, he states that the operation was wound up successfully, its purpose accomplished.
The couple separated in 1988, and in the following year, Fabio Garcia's company wound up.
An autopsy later revealed that she died from a gunshot wound of the chest.
This means that additional drugs and procedures (including wound suturing) can be accomplished by an appropriately trained EMT-III.
In the end, CBS wound up losing approximately half a billion dollars from their television contract with Major League Baseball.
The wound also prevented his personal involvement in quelling the last vestiges of the anti-Tokugawa faction in the coming months.
Gus was found dead from a self-inflicted gunshot wound in the home.
In 1994 the society was wound up.
Roache was hospitalized but survived the near fatal gunshot wound.
Ballew survived his head wound but suffered brain damage.
Bob Marley had a bullet skid his chest and wound his arm.
That's the poisoned and mortal wound of the civilized world.
Although the company was mismanaged and financially insecure, Sloan saw that the spirally-wound flexible roller bearing product had real potential.
His escort hurriedly entered the room and found him bleeding from a wound to the right side of his head.
On February 4, 2016, Mirra died from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound in Greenville, North Carolina.
He sustains a million-dollar wound during combat and is sent home.
He wound up Brax when his relationship with Charlie made front page news.
John and Caroline trying to help someone who got hurt during explosion by pressing something on his wound.
In an unknown transaction, Causey wound up with the Philadelphia Phillies for the 1920 season.
The skull's owner had been wounded over his left eye and the wound had partially healed before death.
Kotche wound up joining Wilco because of Jim O'Rourke, who originally caught him playing a show with Edith Frost.
This gene is also implicated to be a primary factor in the process of wound healing.
Jun turns into Ultraman Nexus again, but is still in pain from the wound Galberos left on his arm.
The organ was so large (and expensive), in fact, that it wound up causing Harris significant financial trouble.
It is always present on the fruitset, however, it requires a wound to start a bunch rot infection.
The evidence regarding wound healing is contradictory.
Fresh or dried root chewed by medicine man before sucking snakebite and poultice applied to wound.
This severe infection may occur regardless of whether the infection began from contaminated food or an open wound.
His doctors commented in their report on how clean Marvin's head wound was, given the circumstances.
Brunhilde licks his wound when he picks her up and the wound heals almost instantly, much to his surprise.
Unashamed of the sexual relationship she had with Luis, Mariana heals her uncle-father wound.
Gabor eventually wound up playing Minerva in the 1968 series Batfinale, "Minerva, Mayhem and Millionaires".
It wound around the hills from where it began as an offshoot of Mount Barker Road in the South.
Ariadne is sometimes represented in vase-paintings with the thread wound on her spindle.
Dimarzio also wires a custom wound single coil pickup for Music Man to use into the SM signture model.
The coil is wound around the permanent magnet to form a solenoid.
This wound is susceptible to disease and decay, and could lead to reduced trunk stability.
It has been tested and successfully used as a wound dressing, especially in burn cases.
Twello was a separate municipality until 1818, when it was merged with Voorst.
The club was part of the separate football competition that emerged in Soviet-occupied East Germany.
Traditionally, they have been divided into eleven separate series:Maynard's Reports, temp.
She also tries to separate Rian and Carol, who fall in love for each other.
Westisle receives its students from two separate intermediate schools, Merritt E. Callaghan Intermediate School and Hernewood Intermediate School.
It has 19 separate general population housing units with 596 dormitory beds and 897 confined cell beds.
In 1865, Hudson-area residents again petitioned for Feltonville to become a separate town.
The elementary school was last given separate accountability ratings in 2007.
People from Our Lady's Nativity parish also have their own identity separate from people in the Confey parish.
Salar Masud established his headquarters at Satrikh, and dispatched separate forces to capture Bahraich, Gopamau and Benares.
Georgia 4-H has 5 separate 4-H Centers each with its own camping program.
It is famous for its Italian Romanesque Revival architecture with a separate campanile (bell tower) and for its scenic location.
Joy in the stage version:"See yourself in the mirror, you're separate from yourself.
Other designs are three piece, the spindle is separate, but the bearing cups incorporate cheaply replaceable standard cartridge bearing units.
Tony Gauci, the Maltese shopkeeper, failed to positively identify Megrahi in nineteen separate pre-trial statements to the police.
The documentation is maintained in a filing system separate from the SVS.
There is a high school for girls and a separate high school for boys.
The station consists of two separate sections, one for each line, at the same level and 150 metres apart.
Since 2008, four editions of two separate events have been organized each year.
Leftist uprisings and/or a separate peace by these States were feared.
There were 2 groups of heavy artillery like separate units.
Stationing 10,000 troops to separate American Indians and frontiersmen was one role.
The distance of the capital was one of the reasons why Hidalgo state would eventually separate.
In modern homes outside of France, such separate toilets typically contain a sink.
It had separate Tx and Rx antennas, combined in Type 279M to single antenna operation.
The company was formed as a separate entity in August 2006 under the leadership of president and CEO Michimasa Fujino.
Oud-Valkenburg was a separate municipality until 1940, when it was merged with Valkenburg.
He claimed they served as, and promoted, exactly the type of separate abolitionism he was fighting against.
Havering ward grew independent of Romford in the 17th century and became a separate parish in the 1780s.
First, while many religions fuse the concept of the body and the soul, the thetan (spirit) is separate and independent.
The papyrus contains 35 separate paragraphs relating to women's health, such as gynaecological diseases, fertility, pregnancy, and contraception.
MWR is designed to detect six different frequencies in that range using separate antennas.
Three receivers would be used, each sending its output to a separate electron gun, aimed at its colored phosphor.
In 1965, the Armed Forces Maintenance Corps (AFMC) was disbanded and broken up into three separate services.
The wheel was sprung and had its own wheel housing, separate from the internal fuselage space.
Changes were made at ABC/ESPN for 1999, as the networks created separate crews for their IRL and CART broadcasts.
In 2000, relics of the 8th Tai Situ were enthroned in a separate temple.
The purpose of a separate court is that its purpose is socio-legal reformation but not punishment.
While numerous 6502-based processors could do bank switching, they did this via separate logic.
Over the years, there were three separate Methodist churches located within North Augusta.
The tram is made up of four sections mounted on separate trucks, and alternate with three suspended sections.
The trajectory matrix of multi-channel time series consists of stacked trajectory matrices of separate times series.
Molecular analyses have confirmed their identity as separate species and breeding experiments have shown that they do not produce hybrids.
The DuPage Airport Authority owns 2,800 acres (1,100 ha) and operates four separate business units.
In the 1990s, the M.A. programs usually lasting 5 years were replaced by separate 3-year bachelor's and 2-year master's programs.
The Channel Islands fall into two separate self-governing bailiwicks, the Bailiwick of Guernsey and the Bailiwick of Jersey.
The school also has a separate junior wing for classes up to 5th standard.
Modern molecular evidence supports the recognition of Phaeonematoloma as an independent genus separate from Hypholoma and Pholiota.
The Institutes of the Law of Nations: a Treatise of the Jural Relations of Separate Political Communities.
Separate parking fees must be paid for the park and the falls.
Laagblokland was a separate municipality between 1817 and 1857, when it merged with Ottoland.
There is a separate Governing Council consisting of academia and corporate leaders to advise the Board of Management.
The runic inscription does not separate the words from each other and the runes are short-twig runes.
Through the early years of GAA in Drom and Inch, at times each side of the parish fielded separate teams.
It allows multiple players on separate controllers to take over gameplay when one player dies.
Separate local government began in 1890 when the Scunthorpe local board of health was formed.
It consists of the originally separate villages of Ober- and Unter-Berikon.
Most residents still consider it to have an identity separate from the rest of Pyeongtaek City.
This kind of cortex, favoring more local connections between adjacent cortical regions, "dismantles the world around us to separate representations.
This has already yielded separate, complementary standards for symmetric multiprocessing, namely OpenMP.
Malappuram became a separate district in 1969.
However, there are separate rules applied to most banks.
The two countries remained separate despite sharing a common monarch.
Polaris began releasing promotional split seven-inch singles beginning in 2012 which were separate from the souvenir program guides.
There are two distinct forms of rowing, on two separate days.
Lebel J rejected the lower courts' treatment of each claim in a patent as a separate invention.
Ambushed and aggressively attacked, these two companies were also pinned down in separate enclaves by the early afternoon.
The European Community originally consisted of three separate Communities founded by treaty.
Prior to 1996, there were two separate team pursuit championship events for amateur and professional riders.
The Auto Academy still maintains its separate residence on Hanson St. and the "old" main building still sits unoccupied.
The city of Rome surrounds the Vatican City, the enclave of the Holy See, which is a separate sovereign state.
They have been classified as a separate phylum, Pogonophora, or as two phyla, Pogonophora and Vestimentifera.
It became a separate civil parish in 1866.
In this stream there are two targets, each of which requires a separate response.
Subsequently, molecular phylogenetic studies demonstrated that Griffineae was a distinct and separate tribe.
Jamia Nadwiyya is a residential campus having separate hostel facility for both boys and girls.
It was considered a separate service from special delivery.
As is tradition, the mosque has separate entrances and rooms for men and women.
It was shown with a separate English dub produced in the U.S..
The school was opened in 1941 and originally consisted of two separate single sex secondary modern schools.
Ogilvy & Mather continued to operate D-A-Y as a separate division until 1988.
His numerous writings (seventy-six separate treatises) are for the most part historical studies on his own and other monasteries.
In the third form, class sizes are made smaller for the Sciences as three separate science courses are offered.
Voters were asked whether they approved of nine separate proposed amendments to the constitution, all of which were approved.
Because a single phone line commonly carries DSL and voice, DSL filters are used to separate the two uses.
Harbor security was maintained by a completely separate command chain and did not operationally involve the port commander.
Originally specialising in eyewear, Arckiv eventually became a menswear label in 2010 after its eyewear division became a separate company.
He was transferred to command the 56th Army (initially a separate army) in late October.
Permanent Me decided in March 2008 to disband go their separate ways.
Works of certain international organisations also qualify for protection under separate provisions in the 1988 Act.
They later ruled if two separate inserts were used, it would conform to the rules.
Born in Toulon, Philippe Cousteau first dove with an aqua-lung in 1945 when he was 4 years old.
God, whose hand can be seen at the lunette's top is blessing Mary through the dove symbolizing the Holy Ghost.
The double parallelogram fingerboard inlays, the two doves on the bridge, and the dove on the pickguard are mother-of-pearl.
The Wings of the Dove is a 1902 novel by Henry James.
The brown cuckoo-dove is from 40 to 43 centimetres (16 to 17 in) in length.
Hawk and Dove do manage to embarrass themselves, their bickering causing them to fight in front of the leaders.
Ripley said, "They had expected hoofs and horns while it proved as gentle as any sucking dove".
The dove was refurbished during the renovation, and in mid-2002, returned to its original perch.
The mourning dove is closely related to the eared dove (Zenaida auriculata) and the Socorro dove (Zenaida graysoni).
The unknown sub quickly dove, probably after sighting Bonefish.
The grey-fronted quail-dove (Geotrygon caniceps), is a species of bird in the family Columbidae.
Maldonado dove for the pits only to collect the second Force India of Paul di Resta.
The bar-shouldered dove (Geopelia humeralis) is native to Australia and southern New Guinea.
On lap 21, Robbie Buhl became hung up in traffic, and Stewart dove into the lead down the main stretch.
Costoanachis hotessieriana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae, the dove snails.
The album also included a song written by Smith's producer, Bob Ferguson titled, "Wings of a Dove."
The laughing dove is a long-tailed, slim pigeon, typically 25 cm (9.8 in) in length.
The bar-tailed cuckoo-dove (Macropygia nigrirostris) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae.
The Tanna ground dove (Gallicolumba ferruginea), also known as Forster's dove of Tanna, is an extinct dove species.
The zebra dove and diamond dove are commonly kept in captivity.
They catch a dove (that was actually an angel-Sonpari), but Fruity makes the dove fly.
The long-tailed ground dove (Uropelia campestris) is a species of bird in the dove and pigeon family, Columbidae.
Jane and Mr Rochester use bird names for each other, including linnet, dove, skylark, eagle, and falcon.
The song tells the story of Running Bear, a "young Indian brave", and Little White Dove, an "Indian maid".
The superb fruit dove feeds primarily upon fruits and berries.
Artistic style must be carefully dove tailed with the constraints of the law.
At sunrise on 19 September 1944, however, a smoking Japanese fighter emerged from a heavy overcast and dove for Mobjack.
Unlike the sovereign's dove, this one has folded wings and is relatively small.
Mitrella africana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae, the dove snails.
The Polynesian ground dove forms a superspecies with its closest living relatives, the white-breasted, white-fronted, and white-throated ground doves.
He also played a Klingon in the episode "Day of the Dove".
Turtle dove, reed bunting and sedge warbler breed in the adjoining Osier bed.
It was one of three new species defined when the slender-billed cuckoo-dove was split up in 2016.
Hartington is a village in the Derbyshire Peak District, England, lying on the River Dove close to the Staffordshire border.
It is an expanded edition of his 1980 Rankin biography, "Flight of the Dove."
The Philippine cuckoo-dove has four sub-species:M. t. phaea McGregor, 1904 - Calayan IslandM. t. tenuirostris Bonaparte, 1854 - PhilippinesM. t. borneensis Robinson & Kloss, 1921 - Borneo.
The Enggano cuckoo-dove (Macropygia cinnamomea) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae.
The dove is the symbol of peace that unites the towns.
Ornithologists recorded 318 species of birds including Eurasian eagle-owl, slender-billed scimitar-babbler, white-gorgeted flycatcher, barred cuckoo-dove and golden-throated barbet.
This neighbourhood became the Birds area, with all the streets named after birds (e.g. Linnet Way, Hawk Drive, Dove Road).
Henmore Brook, a tributary of the River Dove, flows through the middle of the town.
It's eaten by various rainforest inhabitants, including the topknot pigeon and the wompoo fruit-dove.
He sends out a Dove, who eventually brings back an olive branch.
The European turtle dove in particular has become a symbol of devoted love.
Their recording career began as backing vocalists for Madness on their single "Wings Of A Dove", which reached No.
Shelton Diggs dove and caught Haden's low pass in the end zone to give USC an 18-17 lead.
Gugutka (Bulgarian: Гугутка, "collared dove", Turkish: Arnavutkoy) is a village in southernmost Bulgaria, part of Ivaylovgrad municipality, Haskovo Province.
Several professional hunting lodges operate in the Alamos area attracting dove hunters from various areas of the world.
The blue cotinga is a plump, dove-like bird with a small head.
The Barusan cuckoo-dove (Macropygia modiglianii) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae.
As it crosses the River Dove, the road enters Derbyshire.
The Chalcophaps indica augusta (Bonaparte, 1855) is also known as Princess Gabrielli's dove.
Costoanachis rudyi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae, the dove snails.
Zentrygon is a bird genus in the pigeon and dove family (Columbidae).
Mitrella dupreezae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae, the dove snails.
Zafrona kilburni is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae, the dove snails.
Pyreneola is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Columbellidae, the dove snails.
The doves begin to fly off one by one, and eventually, only one dove remains: the one representing Nippon Television.
They make use of a mobile ball and liquid ink to produce a smoother line.
In June 2010, mobile messaging operator Tyntec announced the availability of its high-reliability SMS services for M2M applications.
Office Mobile was released for Android phones on 31 July 2013 in the United States.
Although mobile suits are the main focus of the series, tanks are in use.
The 2016 event will be held at the T-Mobile Arena.
Grameenphone was the first mobile operator in Bangladesh to offer EDGE and 3G services to its subscribers.
Lloyd drives Cheryl to work and she leaves her mobile in his taxi.
The museum routinely travels around the country with a pop-up version of the experience called the Mobile Museum.
The AT&T Variant has been heavily modified from the unlocked and T-Mobile versions.
The initial mobile signature solution in Turkey by Turkcell used Valimo technology to implement the very successful mobile signature solution.
The Starmap mobile Alliance was shut down at the beginning of 2007.
It can also affect mobile phones, FM radios, and televisions.
Self-published books are edited using a web interface; they are also accessible via dedicated Kindle and mobile websites.
Both titles carried over the basic gameplay functions of the original games tailored for mobile phones.
The next wave of popular mobile enterprise application software was the advent of the CRM software.
Officers wear a navy peaked cap with the force's cap badge attached when on mobile patrol.
In 2003 the clinic acquired a 28-foot long mobile law office, perhaps the first such facility in the country.
As of February 2016, 62% percent of APA searches, posts and activity are done from a mobile device.
It is available on the web and as mobile apps for the Android and iOS mobile operating systems.
BSNL Mobile offers both GSM as well as CDMA prepaid and postpaid services.
The US operated out of a mobile home for the first two years.
Fortumo has integrated approximately 350 mobile operators to its billing platform.
Mobile devices have witnessed a phenomenal growth in the past few years.
Service providers have designed a way to incorporate reloading functions of the mobile broadband.
Documents To Go is also available for Microsoft Windows Mobile 5.0 Smartphone and 6 Standard devices.
The Australian Mobile/PDA EDITIONBoland, Michaela (6 December 2007).
His Suicide Squad film version is playable in the mobile version of the game.
Ontology customers include Telenor, T-Mobile, BT, Level 3 Communications, Three UK, Vodacom, MBNL, Vodafone, Neotel, Internet Solutions and Telkom SA.
Later that evening, an EF2 tornado passed west of Notasulga, Alabama and heavily damaged several homes and mobile homes.
It also provides a round-the-clock mobile service support.
Mechanized divisions had to rely on these, becoming easy targets for the mobile Finnish ski troops.
Image translation is a term related to machine translation services for mobile devices (mobile translation).
However, his mobile phone is still working.
According to the company blog it works on 80% of mobile phones available in the market.
Public reverse geocoding services are becoming increasingly available through APIs and other web services as well as mobile phone applications.
Bowden said they ultimately chose Ponder because he was the more mobile quarterback.
In March 2013, T-Mobile introduced a new streamlined plan structure known as Simple Choice for new customers.
In 2007 Excitor was placed in the IDC Leadership Grid of the Mobile Device Management Enterprise Market.
The Nokia 6280 is a 3G mobile phone from Nokia.
They have now focussed their business on a new application, Podifi, which is a mobile contactless payment and loyalty device.
Being a highly mobile molecule it moves ahead of most proteins.
The telecommunications operator provides internet, mobile and fixed-line voice and data products to consumers and corporate clients in Italy.
These orders are fulfilled from numerous retail channels such as concessions, franchises, catalogue, web, stores and mobile.
Other versions of ARToolKit have also been ported to Symbian, and Windows Phone to support mobile AR applications.
The men came from Clarke, Monroe, Wilcox, Choctaw, Fayette, Conecuh, Coosa, Dallas, Baldwin and Mobile counties of Alabama.
After a dispatcher schedules a job, mobile workers receive real-time push technology notifications with job details on their smartphones.
Naval Mobile Construction Battalion ONE (NMCB 1), is a United States Navy Seabee battalion.
The Siemens M65 is a robust mobile phone.
In 1929 a toll bridge was opened which crossed into Mobile.
The Dutch company Artiq Mobile launched a website where people can upload homemade Loituma Girl spoof videos.
Medic Mobile is used in over 20 countries with 39 partners.
Mobile broadband could be used to serve people living in rural area and low income groups, such as farmers.
He used eMobc to build Mobsyte in 2013 in order to create websites optimized for mobile, tablet and desktop.
Land line telephone services and mobile telephone services are available to the majority of areas.
University of Louisiana in Lafayette has also created a mobile museum as part of the graduate program in History.
One interpretation of this change was that the once mobile group of inhabitants had become sedentary.
One of the models was a fully mobile submarine equipped with an engine built by Miami-based Perry Submarines.
Challenges of mobile money include security concerns and questions around regulation.
Nokia X2-05 is an entry-level mobile phone running on the Nokia Series 40 operating system.
In 2004, a version for mobile phones was developed and published in North America by Gameloft.
Two vehicles are operated with limited stock by Rhydypennau Library, but specific books can be ordered through the mobile library.
The spine is highly mobile, and is used to push the animal upright if it is accidentally turned over.
Puzzle Agent 2 was the first runner up for "Best Mobile Game" in the 1UP.com Best of E3 awards.
Concierge is an OSGI (Open Service Gateway Initiative) R3 framework implementation intended for resource-constrained devices like mobile and embedded systems.
Context awareness is a property of mobile devices that is defined complementarily to location awareness.
On September 19, Public Mobile entered an application for leave to appeal to the Supreme Court of Canada.
In 1972, Bedsole was elected the "First Lady of Mobile".
Naga is served by landline and mobile phone companies like BayanTel and Digitel of the Philippine Long Distance Telephone Company.
S. Alam, J. Noll and D. Roman, "Semantic Policies for Service Access in Mobile supported Sensor Networks",Int.
The school also provides firewalled wireless internet access for students and staff who use their own mobile computers at school.
The Confederate vessels Arkansas, General Clark, General Earl Van Dorn, Livingston, Mobile, and Polk were sent to defend the raft.
The number of musketeers relative to pikemen grew, partly because they were now more mobile than pikemen.
Vyrso is an ebook store and mobile app that specialises in Christian fiction and non-fiction.
Festival-goers could also top up their mobile phones, post special commemorative Oxegen postcards and buy lottery tickets.
Ceasar and Chuy ringtones, wallpapers, and mobile phone episodes are available through different sources.
Network-based mobility management enables the same functionality as Mobile IP, without any modifications to the host's TCP/IP Protocol stack.
Texture data is often the largest source of memory usage in a mobile application.
Continental Airlines became the first airline to launch a mobile boarding pass service to London's Heathrow.
Hashtag United were formerly sponsored by EE Limited, a British mobile network operator.
Unlike mobile applications, hydrogen density is not a huge problem for stationary applications.
It is only released in China, presently on the ZUK Z1 mobile phone.
The Army urgently needed mobile heavy field artillery and these were the first truck-mounted field artillery of the Italian Army.
She was decommissioned in Mobile on 3 August 1998.
There is no mobile phone reception on the island.
Police resources include;uniformed and plain-clothes police officers,sniffer dogs,mobile scanners.
Voalte Connect is a mobile device management system that activates, monitors, and supports the devices through a secure platform.
In 2015, Green was a judge for the 2015 Boost Mobile NBA D-League Slam Dunk Contest.
It is currently available for touch-screen devices on Windows Mobile 5 & 6 only.
The station's live stream is also available through its mobile app.
The project has three buildings, four floors to a building and four rooms to an apartment.
The goal of the project is to create a distinct style of beer for Quebec.
Financial burdens through this part of the project caused further delays.
New York City Guide, Volume 1, Federal Writer's Project, 1939, pg.
It could be said that Vidyavihar has gained prominence due to this project.
The project covered protection of 546 hectares and enhancement planting in 39 hectares.
Pain of Salvation described its next project as a two album concept.
The project is looking to begin production in Montreal around June 2016.
The assessment found that coral reefs and mangroves within the allotted 350-hectare project would be harmed.
In September 2007, Iran Daily reported that the Tehran monorail project will become operational by 2011.
Bays project on the west and south.
The project has been featured in several notable news agencies such as Gizmag and Metro UK.
Ronson was one of the artists featured in the 2012 documentary Re:GENERATION Music Project.
The project involved building the new causeway to the north of the original alignment, using pre-cast concrete segments.
After earning his degree, Quarterman was hired to work on the Manhattan Project.
The project is collaborating with a number of groups representing various demographics within Sutton's population.
Also assisting the project was Parker Dozhier, a bait shop owner who was reportedly obsessed with bringing down Bill Clinton.
As of 2017, there were 346 students participating in the project.
Miranda Bailey (Chandra Wilson) was on a project mapping out the human genome.
The Mark IV would have been a 1,000 feet (300 m) diameter standalone telescope, built as a national project.
The ability of the engineers to understand the complexity of a project this size has also come into question.
In September 2012, the project acquired its first vehicle, an ex Mark 1 coach Brake Gangwayed.
CSX has a similar goal with National Gateway Project project which is also upgrading bridges and tunnels.
Silverstein then attempted a failed Indiegogo project to raise money to build a better version of the site.
An FBI affidavit stated QED to be "an extremely sensitive project.
They called their first project, a 1-story stone cabin, Pendarvis.
The entire operation, known as the "Under One Roof" project, totaled over 15 million dollars.
Chua Jin Sen (better known as Dr Jia Jia)'s involvement in the project kindled public interest.
As a part of his work he has been a Faculty Fellow for Project Cyclops and Project OASIS for NASA.
He holds the Project Management Professional certification along with several IT/Telecommunication certifications.
The project is currently directed by Peter Funke.
This project was estimated to cost 75 million dollars, entirely funded by the Government of Canada.
It was later announced that the Channel Orange project was actually his debut album and would launch a corresponding tour.
The following year he exhibited part of the project Inverse at the Galleria Il Ponte Contemporanea of Rome.
The operating system developed at Project Genie was the Berkeley Timesharing System.
The project was terminated in 1975, in part because of anticipated software incompatibilities between FS and 360/370.
Low Tien Sio, SMRTC's general manager (project administration) served as the secretary.
UNESCO launched the Slave Route Project in 1994.
Howard Besser's websiteMuseum Educational Site Licensing Project papers, 1983, 1992-1999, undated, bulk 1996-1998.
Turning Point developed out of a project in South East London and was founded by Barry Richards in 1964.
Work on the ship began on September 18, 2012 under the Luqman Project, after being confirmed by Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
In 1982, MacGowan and Jem Finer were seeking an accordion player for their latest project.
Financing of the arena project was difficult.
WTI began as a project of The Moratorium Campaign, led by Jené O'Keefe.
They were employed in a project to complete the Overseas Highway connecting the mainland with Key West.
The collapse of the boom in 1888 killed the project.
Zola Project Neo was released on September 19, 2013.
The Rehabilitation Project was completed in June 2015.
The project was published as a monograph by Chronicle Books in 2008.
This however is a controversial road project.
She was a freelance worker, but now works for N.E.R.D.S on a currently classified project.
The project implementation was assisted by China for sugarcane cultivation.
Project Gutenberg has over 52,000 freely available public domain e-books.
It moved to the former Swiss Cottage Primary School while awaiting completion of the Barker Road rebuilding project.
Tango 3.0 is a studio album by the electronic band Gotan Project.
The Fine Art of Poisoning (2003) short film collaboration/music video project with animator Bill Domonkos.
Cedar Creek Wind Farm I Project Info PDFCedar Creek Wind Farm page, power-technology.com"4th Annual Australian Microcap Investment Conference" (PDF).
Russell was ultimately fired from the project after telling Stigwood he would not do the film without Minnelli.
The project was led by Day of the Tentacle creator Tim Schafer, who was also its writer and designer.
Mario Fiorentino, Piero Maria Lugli, Vincenzo Passarelli and Luigi Piccinato worked with him on this project.
Students earn a variable number of credit hours based on their year in school and related contribution to the project.
The aim of this project is to double the Chapel's reception capacity.
On February 16, 2017 they released their second project single "Don't Recall".
The project is now supported by private donation.
The first iteration of the project was hosted by Alex Boylan.
The band is a side project of Hocico member Racso Agroyam.
This patrimony made difficult for project members to claim their right of ownership.
The project further provoked a demonstration of local residents demanding cancellation of the project on 2 July 2012.
Like the Copan Mosaics Project, this project also aided the architectural sculpture cataloguing process.
The Alversund bridge was the first toll bridge collaboration project between the municipalities in the region of Nordhordland.
The project will be financed by China Exim Bank while construction will be performed by China Construction America (CCA).
In each case, the lawyer facilitates an exchange of obligations that matches the reality of the project.
Syracuse University Project Advance offers courses in Psychology, Public Affairs, Economics, English, Sociology and Speech.
Tomaselli is gay and was involved with a project called Gay of the Dead.
Ringo Lam was the original director, but he left the project after a few weeks of filming in Canada.
David Childs, one of Silverstein's favorite architects, joined the project after Silverstein urged him to do so.
Federal funding for the project in northern Minnesota was $940,000 in 2003 and nearly $600,000 in 2004.
The sequel's video did not elaborate on why Microsoft canceled the project.
The project was cut short for lack of funding, but the name remained.
This historical book is available online via the Google Books Library Project at History of Massachusetts.
After renting facilities for approximately 20 years, OCS completed its first major building project in 1991-92.
However, the following year the Project was denied a Clean Water Act permit by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
The project is at final stage of development under qualification phase, with over 40 guided flights completed by April 2012.
The project provided about 80 jobs during the peak of construction, most of which came from locally owned companies.
In 1928, the Jewish National Fund recruited members of Ginegar to plant Balfour Forest, its first forestation project.
The entire project is being developed by Unitech Group, a real estate company in India.
The methodology is the plan that will be used to accomplish the aims of the project.
All the three projects taken together were popularly known as the DBK Project or the Dandakaranya Bolangir Kiriburu Project.
In August of '77 the VW project was introduced in Road and Track magazine.
In 2010, Galina Kakovkina presented the exhibition project "Boat" after more than two years of intensive preliminary work.
Premachandran tells her that she doesn't know anything about him and that he is an ex-convict in a murder case.
Arkin O'Brien is an ex-convict working as a handyman.
In 2002 an ex-convict was sentenced for triple murder.
Therefore, Ashcroft is a descendant of a First Fleeter and a descendant of a convict.
Nick Gomez as Tomas, a violent convict and the leader of a group of prisoners who survived within the prison.
An ex-convict (George Raft) marries a department-store co-worker (Sylvia Sidney), unaware she's on parole.
The first convict confesses to stealing food from the smithy.
It had been built by the provincial administration using convict labour.
Finally, courts make their decision whether to imprison the convict or to let him or her off on probation.
The Albany Convict Gaol was established in 1852 for imperial convicts transported to Albany as skilled labourers.
Despite his previous convict status, James also became a resident district constable.
In the 1970s he was a dead-beat dad, four-time felon, escape artist and state prison convict.
The first arc introduces Walker saving a young girl named Calista from a convict with a jetpack.
Lichtenstein, Alex Twice the Work of Free Labor: The Political Economy of Convict Labor in the New South.
The end of convict leasing did not mean the end of convict labor, however.
The judge, Sir Anthony McCowan, "had indicated that the jury should convict him."
On her second convict voyage to Australia, under Henry Best, she sailed from England on 2 March 1809.
He ordered a review of the bookkeeping practices and greater accountability to be applied to the state's convict lease system.
As prison populations grew, the informal convict code no longer sufficed to coordinate and protect inmates.
In 1860 the new town of Newcastle, located around the Convict Hiring Depot, had been surveyed.
Mary Bryant, the famous female convict and escapee, transported on the First fleet.
It tells the true story of Wally Mellish, an ex-convict in 1960s Australia.
The jury took less than a day to convict Congressman-elect Berger and his four remaining codefendants.
Previously the property held several private plantations that used convict leasing.
Lynton is best known as the site of the former Lynton Convict Depot.
Rodius arrived in New South Wales aboard the convict ship Sarah in December 1929.
HMP Rochester was founded in 1870 as Borstal Prison, which was a large convict prison.
He also won positive notices for his role in 1998's Out of Sight, playing an untrustworthy banker and ex-convict.
The film starts off with Calvin "Babyface" Simms (Marlon Wayans) who is a very short convict.
During a five-day trial the Senate deemed him a lobbyist not protected by lawyer-client privilege and voted to convict him.
Billy Blue or William Blue (c. 1767 - 7 May 1834) was an Australian convict.
Amanda began a romantic relationship with Frank Cameron, a convict-turned-FBI-agent who was sent to infiltrate the Cory household.
With his mother absent, Chengcai was raised by his ex-convict father (Huang Yiliang), whose fighting skills he inherited.
Archaeological zones and sub-surface remains of varying levels of significance are found throughout the area of the convict grant.
His father (reportedly a freed convict) made a precarious living from sideshow "take-on-all-comers" boxing and gambling.
Eventually, Carter's inability to exercise tact when dealing with the clergy led to his dismissal from the convict service.
In 1842, it was renamed the Queen's Prison, and later became the Southwark Convict Prison.
Nearing shore the convict finds himself hemmed in — pursuers on water and constables on land.
Well, if you're Moose Flanagan, you ask the most notorious convict of them all, Al Capone, for help.
Without naming Seniloli, the Military expressed its opposition to any coup-convict being appointed President or Vice-President.
There was no actual fighting, however; a truce was negotiated and Micheltorena agreed to dismiss his convict troops.
He immediately imposed strict cost-cutting measures, including using convict labour instead of contract labour whenever possible.
The Senate on its own determines whether there is sufficient evidence to convict and the required affirmative vote for conviction.
However the eldest Gipsy, a convict, judged safer to bring Strachey to the mayor.
His testimony was important to convict the German officers and guards from Mauthausen.
The convict demands he change it, but Antoine passes out, so the convict does.
This is regarded as an essential part of treatment, as the convict will be gradually re-entering society this way.
Then in January 1833 she was fitted as a convict ship, and F.W.R. Sadler took command.
The eight black jury members voted to acquit, and the four whites voted to convict.
In 1844 Thomas married Mary Ann Shone who was also the child of a convict.
Wentworth agreed to sell Balmain's grants to John Bennett, an ex-convict who had been transported in 1795.
These allotments were later transferred to the permanent Convict Hiring Depot, 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) upstream of the town.
Benjamin Franklin called convict transportation "an insult and contempt, the cruellest, that ever one people offered to another."
The powerful squatting fraternity who were heavily reliant on cheap labour advocated a renewal of convict transportation.
Tracks 4 and 10 were written for the Buster Keaton film Convict 13 (1920).
However, the committee could not make a recommendation on whether to convict the impeached official.
There has been a surge in interest in convict history and genealogy throughout Australia.
The 30,000-seat stadium was built in large part with convict labor, as were many public works projects of that era.
ReferencesBateson, Charles, The Convict Ships, 1787-1868, Sydney, 1974.
After the expiry of his sentence, he became the first ex-convict in Western Australia to be appointed a teacher.
Between 1864 and 1867 a penal establishment was also built with convict labor on the northern side of Ross Island.
His mother, Isabella, was a convict, sentenced to transportation for theft.
Indeed, their careers were not wildly different from those of the thirty-five senators who voted to convict Andrew Johnson.
Georgia ended the convict lease system in 1908.
Meanwhile, Henderson was looking for a site to build a permanent convict establishment.
The home faced Lavender Bay, then commonly called Hulk Bay, after the convict hulks moored nearby.
Yatheendran (Keerikkadan Jose), another convict identifies Mahi as Mayavi and Thottappally brothers entrusts Yatheendran to kill Mahi.
For instance, convict /ˈkɒnvɪkt/ and convict /kenˈvɪkt/ can be spelled 𐑒𐑪𐑯𐑝𐑦𐑒𐑑 and 𐑒𐑩𐑯𐑝𐑦𐑒𐑑 respectively.
However, to convict Toushin for distributing extremely violent films would be a misuse of obscenity law.
The effect of population density on sexual selection for convict cichlids has been studied.
In October 1828 Alonzo was recorded as serving as a convict ship at Portsmouth.
However, the group are unaware that an employee, Fred, is an ex-convict and living in the basement of the store.
The bridge was designed by the firm of architect and former convict James Blackburn.
ReferencesBateson, Charles (1969) The Convict Ships, 1787-1868 (Glasgow: Brown, Son & Ferguson).
The convict threatens Frost, but the guard comes and they run.
John Arscott: John Arscott's hopelessness as a convict becomes apparent in Act Two, Scene One.
Mascia-Lees, Frances E. Review of The Convict and the Colonel in American Anthropologist 101(1999):217-218.
There were no convict deaths en route.
In addition, four free women accompanied their convict husbands, together with two children.
Daniel Connor, an Irish Catholic, had been a former convict who came to Toodyay as an itinerant peddler.
His early activity involved lobbying for increased European immigration, and the widespread anti-convict agitation of 1849.
Elena Kong as Yuen Kwan-lam (袁君嵐), an ex-convict who was sentenced to twenty years of prison.
They also visited a convict settlement at Anzio; Bizet sent an enthusiastic letter to Marmontel, recounting his experiences.
In "The Convict", Kevin implies that he is involved in insider trading, but wasn't aware of the legal implications.
In the one-shot Dynamo 5 Holiday Special 2010, the team confronted Lumina, the daughter of escaped supervillain convict Luminex.
Lord was the seventh child of the ex-convict and pioneering entrepreneur Simeon Lord.
Port Arthur is a small town and former convict settlement on the Tasman Peninsula, in Tasmania, Australia.
He worked the land with convict labour supplying timber to the colony of New South Wales.
The mother of the convict, 80-year-old Alisa Mokhova, denies that she knew anything about what happened.
When all of the jurors finally showed up, they asked the judge if they could convict on second degree murder.
Most libraries and booksellers display the book record for an invalid ISBN issued by the publisher.
On September 4, 2013, the court declared the EIA report as invalid.
In 1928 two local boys whose last name was Robbins rushed into their burning house to save their invalid mother.
In October 2015 the European Court of Justice declared the previous framework called the International Safe Harbor Privacy Principles invalid.
Accused of helping her husband cause the death of her wealthy, invalid employer.
The Court of First Instance of Brussels declared the trademark however invalid.
In the game, if one wished to play online, he or she was linked to a now invalid URL address.
In 2000, the Internal Revenue Service issued IRS Notice 2000-44, asserting that Son-of-BOSS transactions were invalid.
Turnout increased only modestly, and the use of invalid votes declined from 24% to 15% from the tense 2001 elections.
These arguments were ruled invalid in Schiff v. Commissioner.
Marriages nevertheless concluded are invalid, even if concluded abroad to circumvent this law.
She was an invalid for the last two years of her life.
In later life, Dyer became an invalid.
It covers all names, whether current names, synonyms or invalid names.
In summary, there are three sorts of consonant cluster: "valid", "special", and "invalid".
Among other inconsistencies he noted "I could not understand then and still now how invalid votes can become valid."
If Hoe had been as severely impaired by her condition as Dr Nagulendran described, she would have become an invalid.
If this is true, the original observation that led to Rosenberg's later articulation of the theory would be invalid.
It can hold a rule to be invalid even though it is contained in a contract.
In 1893, his election for Brandon City was declared invalid, and he lost the subsequent by-election.
Although the Major did return from the war, he was an invalid and died ten years later.
The Scottish botanist Robert Brown had described it as Tecoma australis but this name was ruled invalid.
Wampold found this effect size to be invalid because of the internal biases of the study.
About 25% invalid votes were recorded in the congressional election in the district.
4.0% had voted against independence, while 0.9% had cast invalid ballots, and 0.1% had returned their ballots unused.
Additionally, they declared President Sukarno's Dwikora Cabinet as invalid ("demisioner").
If one sukkah is erected above another, the upper one is valid, but the lower is invalid.
CRC errors are detected in a cut-through switch and indicated by marking the corrupted frame EOF field as "invalid".
With an invalid in the White House and less support in the country, the treaty was defeated.
An invalid for several years, Seabury died at Hand's Nursing Home in East Hampton.
For her dissent, she was briefly committed to a mental institution and became a permanent invalid.
Due to this heart condition, McEldowney was an invalid until the age of 24.
It was brought into effect after the European Union's Data Retention Directive was declared invalid.
It is said that around 1869, he built the first rickshaw to transport his invalid wife around the city.
An invalid blood test is named after him: dark field microscopy according to Enderlein.
Under in rem invalidity, a judgment of invalidity would in all circumstances preclude relitigating a patent once held invalid.
They claimed therefore that the decision was invalid and unlawful, and sought a declaration and injunction.
Attorney General John Suthers declared that they would be invalid.
He even served 28 days in jail for issuing invalid checks.
He was henceforth a confirmed invalid, but continued to work till within a few hours of his death.
This invalid is the crew's new pilot, wounded in action.
The decision in this case changed on the basis that the argument in Poe had become invalid.
Clarified her marital situation, her first marriage was invalid because of Ferdinand's irregular status, Antoinette is released.
Also, those instructions generate invalid opcode exception on any CPU newer than 80486.
S. muricatum is known by some now-invalid synonyms.
Each day a new code is printed on the wristband, meaning wristbands from previous days become invalid.
The law also made any previously existing marriages or those contracted outside of Germany invalid.
The trio's paper, published in American Psychologist, contended that the ratio was based on faulty mathematical reasoning and therefore invalid.
In 1966, John S. Bell published a paper arguing that the proof contained a conceptual error and was therefore invalid.
The defences of Barger and McKay included an objection that the that the Excise Act 1906 was invalid.
If a visa becomes invalid, its bearer must apply for a new visa before entering China.
From the age of 35, she spent the rest of her life as an invalid.
To that extent, the act was invalid.
Has rendered prominent services to Invalid Soldiers & Sailors in the Commonwealth of Australia.
If the lexer finds an invalid token, it will report an error.
Any number of logically invalid and even empirically false explanations can be maintained by deductive inference from postulates.
Participation in Dutch referendum is calculated based on the total number of votes (0.76% of votes were blank or invalid).
After suffering a stroke and the amputation of his right leg, Clark became an invalid.
The final years of his life were spent as an invalid.
Specifically, the appellant claimed that the Louisiana law violated the Fourteenth Amendment, and was therefore invalid.
The judge also rejected Vestia's various arguments that the notice was invalid when served.
The subspecies has, however, been subsequently declared as invalid due to its similarity to mainland species.
Afghanistan's loya jirga of 1949 declared the Durand Line invalid, which led to border tensions with Pakistan.
She visited Scotland in 1877 but died in Adelaide in 1883 having become an invalid.
Some of the currency became invalid and many people lost their life savings.
The Invalid Corps is a popular song dating from the time of the American Civil War, circa 1863.
RE 37,516 has been declared invalid and unenforceable.
The Tuzhilin report did not publicly define invalid clicks and did not describe the operational definitions in detail.
The land claims were eventually deemed invalid by the new Republic of Texas and designated as property of the state.
Turnstiles are used to obstruct invalid access.
In 1829 she fell seriously ill and was to remain an invalid for the remainder of her life.
One whose tip is broken off or whose leaves are severed is invalid.
If its top is broken off or its leaves detached from the stem, it is invalid.
Macy's marriage to Lorenzo was invalid, leading Thorne and Macy to again reconcile.
Any invalid cards left on the table will be later incorporated into valid groups by other players.
Red indicates invalid entries in the table since they refer to distances from a node to itself, or via itself.
In November 1865, British Columbia issued its own stamps and the unified stamp became invalid.
Regarding invalid contracts, there are two subgroups to distinguish: void contracts and voidable contracts.
Giving an invalid word, whether it be misspelled, not in the dictionary, or not five letters in length.
The Court found that the notice served on Botha to appear before the Commission was technically invalid.
Rendered an invalid by the attack, he lived another five years, dying in Saint-Cloud, in the western suburbs of Paris.
Several studies have investigated the influence of valid and invalid cues.
He was tried for piracy of the Great Mohammed and his pardon was ruled invalid.
These were thought to represent several different species, which resulted in a large number of invalid junior synonyms.
If the collar is not used, the vault is considered invalid and the gymnast will receive a score of zero.
Agassiz consequently renamed the genus Platysaurus, probably from Greek πλατυς (platys - "broad, flat, broad-shouldered"), creating an invalid junior synonym.
In his opening speech Gairdner stated that "The public must learn that the handicapped person is not an invalid.
Servers that accept all e-mail address at RCPT TO stage but reject invalid ones at DATA stage.
All of the steps were conventional acts for both generic computers and generic databases, making the claim invalid.
Past concerts have presented works by Robert Schumann, Johannes Brahms, César Franck, Maurice Ravel, Antonin Dvorak and George Gershwin.
She's been hit by Deano's car, watched her parents' marriage unravel, ravel, unravel again etc.
However, the music has been greatly admired by composers including d'Indy, Ravel and Stravinsky.
The French Connection featured music by French composers including Ravel, Debussy, Faure, and Gounod.
Ravel and Debussy were at work developing and performing their Impressionistic music.
2006: "Ravel-Piano concerto in G/Prokofiev-Piano concerto no.
Shimomura lists Ludwig van Beethoven, Frédéric Chopin, and Maurice Ravel as some of her influences on her personal website.
Featuring fragments from piano works of Bach, Chopin, Liszt, Scriabin, Prokofiev, Shostakovich, Ravel, and Vestard Shimkus.
Ravel was among the first composers to recognise the potential of recording to bring their music to a wider public.
Ravel had been at work on the music as early as 1907.
In October 1932, Ravel suffered a blow to the head in a taxi accident.
The scale also may be found in the music of Claude Debussy and Maurice Ravel.
Although clearly a "studio" creation, this album featured writing for the strings that referred to Stravinsky, Bartok and Ravel.
Achucarro is celebrate for his interpretations of Brahms, Rachmaninoff, and Ravel as well as several Spanish composers.
Brought on by Impressionism, the piano suite was reintroduced by early 20th-century French composers such as Ravel and Debussy.
Tiago then puts his support behind Ravel, giving him the upper hand over his two priestess sisters.
The composer studied composition at conservatories in Lyon and Paris with Maurice Ravel and Vincent d'Indy.
She then studied Ravel with Ricardo Vines and Spanish Literature.
Gershwin strongly encouraged Ravel to come to the United States for a tour, something Ravel had been reluctant to do.
Ravel lobbied the directors of the Opéra-Comique to get Rosenthal's one-act opera Rayon des soieries performed there in June 1930.
However, he also played works by other composers, including Maurice Ravel, Frank Bridge and Cecile Chaminade.
In this special case, Ravel used a parallel series of major triads to brilliant effect.
Her discography also includes works by Couperin, Rameau, Messiaen, Chabrier, Ravel, Schumann, Beethoven, Chopin, Debussy and Fauré.
In 1960 he conducted the Ravel Piano Concerto in G major in Stockholm with the eminent Swedish pianist Lars Sellergren.
Ravel then attempts to keep The Nameless One there by force.
His favourite composers were Fauré, followed by Debussy, Gounod, Messager, Ravel and Pierné.
Ravel remarked that "The most captivating part of jazz is its rich and diverting rhythm.
Ravel said, "It's probably better for us, after all, to be on frigid terms for illogical reasons."
The Stravinsky-Ravel orchestration was forgotten, except for Stravinsky's finale, which is still sometimes used.
In 1900 Ravel was eliminated in the first round; in 1901 he won the second prize for the competition.
Tzigane is a rhapsodic composition by the French composer Maurice Ravel.
Evans' harmonic language was influenced by impressionist composers such as Claude Debussy and Maurice Ravel.
In 1930, she made a tour of Europe "as interpreter for the famous French composer, Maurice Ravel."
Includes the Ginastera and Barber sonatas mentioned above as well as Liszt, Shostakovich and Ravel.
He won second prize, behind André Caplet but ahead of Maurice Ravel.
At the time of writing Jeux d'eau, Ravel was a student of Gabriel Fauré, to whom the piece is dedicated.
Reporting this development to Ravel on March 4, Satie wrote, "That's something I owe to you.
Most recently, a CD of arrangements of piano music by Debussy and Ravel.
Haza sang works of Maurice Ravel, Heitor Villa-Wolves, Lukas Foss, José of Jesus Ravelo, Leo Brouwer and Enrique of Marchena.
Gintaras performed piano concertos of Mozart, Beethoven, Liszt, Tchaikovsky, Gershwin, Shostakovich, Khachaturian, Ravel, Martinu etc.
She also studied composition with André Gedalge, the teacher of Honegger, Milhaud, and Ravel.
Throughout the piece, Ravel creates ambiguity between triple and duple rhythms.
Ravel employs sonata form in this movement, but not without introducing his own touches.
Ravel, known for his gourmet tastes, developed an unexpected enthusiasm for English cooking, particularly steak and kidney pudding with stout.
They included Ravel, Debussy, Satie, Falla, Granados, Albéniz and Déodat de Séverac.
His main interest was 20th-century music; in particular, that of Debussy, Ravel, Stravinsky, and Bartok.
Traveling in France for this, he met both Debussy and Ravel, and consulted them on the performance of their works.
Although The Wasps may reflect something of Ravel, it is quintessential Vaughan Williams.
The performers included Fauré, Florent Schmitt, Ernest Bloch, Pierre Monteux and, in the Debussy work, Ravel.
The most notable use of the sopranino is in the orchestral work Boléro by Maurice Ravel.
In 2001, Kim recorded Scriabin, Mozart, Schubert, and Ravel for her debut album, Dances and Fantasies.
The dress rehearsal, with Debussy, Ravel, other musicians and critics among those present, passed without incident.
The complete work was transcribed for two pianos by Maurice Ravel.
Her range extends from the works of Mozart and Ludwig van Beethoven to Maurice Ravel, Sergei Prokofiev and Olivier Messiaen.
Rosenthal records and discounts contemporary speculation that Ravel, a lifelong bachelor, may have been homosexual.
At first, it recalls Prokofiev or Shostakovich, but later is given a context more suggestive of Ravel.
His most recent release of reVisions for BIS includes arrangements and reconstruction of works by Debussy, Ravel, Prokofiev and Bloch.
Ravel and the rest begin the process of clearing out the city and reactivating the forge of Gauntlygrym.
The genesis of the Rapsodie was a Habanera, for two pianos, which Ravel wrote in 1895.
Ravel placed high importance on melody, telling Vaughan Williams that there is "an implied melodic outline in all vital music".
Prominent composers working in Paris between the Wars were Maurice Ravel, Eric Satie, Francis Poulenc, and Igor Stravinsky.
The film also brought renewed fame to the one-movement orchestral piece Boléro by Maurice Ravel.
His solo album, "Marvelous Fantasy", is influenced by the works of Maurice Ravel and Claude Debussy.
In 1925, he conducted the world premiere of L'enfant et les sortileges by Ravel.
To avoid overuse of the tonic key, Ravel ends the movement in the relative key of C major.
Avellone felt it would be "cool" to be in a party with Ravel.
According to another report Ravel said "That's not my tempo".
Many prominent composers worked in Paris during between the wars, including Maurice Ravel, Erik Satie, and Igor Stravinsky.
An orchestral version was subsequently created by a disciple of both Ravel and Satie, Alexis Roland-Manuel.
Nevertheless, Ravel manages to introduce his own innovations within this conventional framework.
The horse upon which he won many of his titles, Ravel, was retired in 2012.
When Germany invaded France in 1914, Ravel tried to join the French Air Force.
His orchestral works frequently lean towards French Impressionists like Claude Debussy and Maurice Ravel.
2006 his first CD featuring works by Frédéric Chopin, Maurice Ravel as well as Franz Liszt.
She also recorded both of the Ravel concertos, the G major twice, as well as his complete solo piano music.
He also orchestrated works by Federico Mompou and Ravel.
Manuel Rosenthal was one, and records that Ravel was a very demanding teacher when he thought his pupil had talent.
His recorded repertoire includes Mendelssohn, Rossini, Chopin, Liszt, Grieg, Brahms, Ravel, Decaux, Schoenberg, Schubert, Prokofiev and Saint-Saens.
An avid chamber musician, he also conducts works by Mozart, Beethoven, Gershwin, Poulenc, Franck, Fauré and Ravel from the piano.
Other notable 20th-century names include Ravel, Poulenc and Messiaen.
This movement was later orchestrated by Maurice Ravel.
Other notable 20th-century names include Ravel, Dukas, Roussel and Milhaud.
This critic was "Willy", Henri Gauthier-Villars, who came to be an admirer of Ravel.
His recording of the complete works for piano by Maurice Ravel won the Grand Prix du disque.
Other sources of inspiration include traditional and classical music (Alexander Scriabin, Maurice Ravel).
The altered scale appears sporadically in the works of Debussy and Ravel (Tymoczko 1997).
Maurice Ravel lived here from 1921 until his death.
Ravel began composing the work in the spring of 1920, but then stopped due to physical exhaustion and poor health.
He gave the premieres of works by Ravel, Debussy, Satie, Falla and Albéniz.
By 1904 it was becoming clear to the musical public that Ravel was the outstanding French composer of his generation.
It is usually caused by the rapid deceleration that results when the moving chest strikes a fixed object.
The brothers had to agree which object was going to be transferred and which brother was going to point.
RedBeanPHP inspired many other projects to embrace this approach towards object mapping.
The object of the game is to move all of the cards to the Foundations.
Semley's story is told through Rocannon, making Semley more of a passive object.
The vectorization program will want to group a region of the same color into a single object.
This means that either object can be rescaled, repositioned, and reflected, so as to coincide precisely with the other object.
The a priori form of a phenomenal object is space and time.
Whether subtype-supertype relations are distinguished from composition relations (part-whole relations) and from object-role relations.
Inside a database, all the relations with a persistent program object are relations with its object identifier (OID).
It is the first man-made object to reach space.
The reforms were controversial and made Balcerowicz an object of harsh criticism, especially in his homeland.
Managed objects are made up of one or more object instances (identified by their OIDs), which are essentially variables.
The district encompasses 46 contributing buildings, 1 contributing site, and 1 contributing object in the central business district of Clinton.
At the end of his life, in Bali, Van der Tuuk became an object of curiosity to Europeans.
Bye volunteered to take charge of this party, accomplished his object, and took many prisoners.
It must be an object that is separable and that has some rapport to the lack.
Like normal golf, the object is to complete the course using as few strokes as possible.
The linear marks were consistent with Mr Bamber having been struck with a long blunt object, possibly a gun."
These arise from our agent-active 'movements and interaction' with objects, or 'object-active' changes in the object itself.
An aspect of ninjutsu is the ability of the shinobi, or master, to use any object as a weapon.
Letters from Nowhere 2 is a hidden object game, though it lacks overall variety.
The object is completely stretched out, as if elastic.
As such their frequency is linked to the mass of the compact object.
It is 100% Clipper compatible language supporting multiple inheritance, polymorphism, object oriented programming.
Most ditransitive verbs can also be used as monotransitives (with only one object, direct or indirect) or even intransitives.
Computer scientists often refer to it as "data matching" or as the "object identity problem".
An object of reverence is never placed on the bare ground, but always on a gamosa.
Verderame appraises each object while injecting humor and information about the antique.
Until 20000 Varuna was discovered, it was the second-largest known object in the Kuiper belt, after Pluto.
David tells Annabelle and Zach about the object and insists that Zach must be brought into proximity with it.
In a terminating ARS, every object has at least one normal form, thus it is normalizing.
Object oriented concepts as encapsulation, classes, class libraries, instances, instance hierarchies, inheritance, relations, attributes and interfaces are explicitly supported.
So maja is the subject, on is the verb and mul is the indirect object.
In Welsh, the negative particle ddim cannot be immediately followed by an object noun phrase, as the following examples show.
As with many of his self-portraits the object is infused with self-pity.
Note that C₃ is twice the specific orbital energy of the escaping object.
The fireball was a bright naked eye object.
The wooded highlands of Dorthonion were the true object of his campaign.
Thus, function refers forward from the object or process, along some chain of causation, to the goal or success.
An object can perform various actions at a particular time, but cannot have a concurrency within itself.
RunMC is an object-oriented framework for simulation of high-energy collisions using various Monte Carlo models written in FORTRAN.
The grammatical patient is often confused with the direct object.
He introduced the scattering transform that constructs invariance for object recognition purposes.
It is developed from the learning object model and designed for u-learning.
Buddhagosa defines samadhi as "the centering of consciousness and consciousness concomitants evenly and rightly on a single object.
Several object binding times exist in object oriented systems.
The Prime Object of that hammer may have been a rock used to pound something into the ground.
An object state has meaning only in the context of the object to which it belongs.
The researchers also determined that the nearby thermal X-ray source, XMMU J172054.5-372652, is a central compact object of the supernova.
Other studies have found that distancing the symbolic object from the child also aids in dual representation.
As a result, that particular observer will see one astronomical object in two different places in the night sky.
Lifts, which look like clothing buttons, can move the robot or an object up or down by one level.
Thus, in most cases it is used to refer to the size of an object.
The object had been serendipitously observed before in 1992 by ROSAT.
Storing data in either XML (Extensible Markup Language) or relational databases is made possible by transforming it from object-oriented data.
The Matterhorn was to them an object of the most intense and continuous admiration.
Figure 3 shows a 1 kg (2.2 lb) hollow object made of the green material.
It is the oldest wooden object ever found in sub-Saharan Africa.
Klein emphasizes that the good and bad parts of the self are projected onto or into the object.
Under normal circumstances, the glass bends and absorbs the force of the object.
They are typically used as part of an object meta-model.
Intuitively, the tree represents an object in a multi-resolution fashion (more exactly, as a tree of approximations).
This was the Object 292, armed with a much more powerful 152.4 mm rifled gun.
Each point in a UVW map corresponds to a point on the surface of the object.
His work has been the object of some revival in recent years.
The object of selection is the phenotype in its surrounding environment.
Grothendieck sites are categories with additional data axiomatizing whether a family of arrows covers an object.
It opens with Hamasaki walking into a small orange-lit room with a black object on a stall.
The object was to get Mikey to the Goal, as discussed above.
Think of the object as a strangely shaped aquarium full of water, with rigid sides.
Deconstruction, or parsing, refers to the opposite process of converting (deserializing) binary data into a programmatic object.
Tripped rollovers are caused by forces from an external object, such as a curb or a collision with another vehicle.
There is nothing "uncertain for him in an object that serves him as a model.
Researchers hope to radiocarbon date the object.
It is a relation that holds between an object and itself.
An object model consists of the following important features:Object ReferenceObjects can be accessed via object references.
In it he analyzed the interaction between Object, Artist, Picture, and Spectator and sets the theoretical foundation of modern art.
ReactOS uses an object metaphor that is pervasive throughout the architecture of the system.
What changes is the fact that the object has a particular property.
Garrison, the special object of their venom, escaped unharmed.
An unidentified flying object is reported to have landed in a small Chinese village.
The resulting object class is shipped in DLL form.
Message Dispatch in Dynamically-Typed Object-Oriented Languages (Master thesis).
Closed from the early 1970s, the Lincoln was the object of numerous unrealized restoration projects in the following decades.
If a light is shone on a three-dimensional object, a two-dimensional shadow is cast.
Studies of patients with brain damage have revealed pure agnosic disorders that selectively impair recognition of specific object categories.
Puncture resistance denotes the relative ability of a material or object to inhibit the intrusion of a foreign object.
Also depends upon deflection or resistance of object struck.
Over the years, lanterns became an object of artistic expression, ornamentation and a major status symbol.
These plans, however, were repeatedly postponed and eventually discarded after the overthrow of communism in 1989.
Some chiefs supported Kamehameha and war soon broke out to overthrow Kiwalaʻo.
Zhu Youzhen would in turn overthrow him next year and take the throne.
In reprisal, Migara encouraged and assisted Kasyapa to overthrow the king and take the throne.
Shahin Musayev was one of the masterminds of the so-called General's Plot to overthrow the government of President Heydar Aliyev.
Al-Za'im also imprisoned many political leaders, such as Munir al-Ajlani, whom he accused of conspiring to overthrow the republic.
They hoped to overthrow Khanh before their scheduled removal from command took effect.
After his overthrow in 1979, it recovered its original name.
They regrouped and devised a desperate plan to overthrow Darutos and regain control of the kingdom.
Its campaign to overthrow the Algerian government included civilian massacres, sometimes wiping out entire villages in its area of operation.
The aim was to capture and overthrow the Royalist strongholds of Leeds city centre.
Opium production in Afghanistan has thrived since the U.S. invasion and overthrow of the Taliban government in 2001.
These exclusions affect anarchists, communists, totalitarians, and advocates of assassination, government overthrow by force, destruction of property, and sabotage.
The overthrow of the patriot party forced him to fly for his safety to France.
The front vowed to overthrow Saddam Hussein.
Kang then enlisted the aid of the Avengers to overthrow Baltag.
In 1908, opponents of Davila made an unsuccessful attempt to overthrow him.
It also proposed free elections and the use of force to overthrow the Diaz regime.
Deng stated that the goal of the movement was to overthrow the Party and the state.
In 510, Spartan troops helped the Athenians overthrow the tyrant Hippias, son of Peisistratos.
In order to achieve this, they wished to overthrow the Doctor's homeworld of Gallifrey.
Eventually, disgusted by the abusive practices of the Gods, he joins Sam's efforts to overthrow them.
At such rallies by as the Offenburg Popular Assembly of September 1847, radical democrats called to overthrow the status quo.
Shortly after the overthrow of Milosevic, Popovic left Otpor!
He broke his promise, leading an army of several hundred thousand in an attempt to overthrow the government.
Relations between Austria-Hungary and Serbia deteriorated in the aftermath of the May Overthrow in 1903.
In 930 a plot to overthrow the Samanid amir Nasr b. Ahmad and replace him with his brothers failed.
They discover that Hera's kidnappers are Gaea's underlings, the Giants, and that she seeks to overthrow the Olympians.
The player then goes on to battle and ultimately overthrow the evil Kroll empire and restore freedom to the galaxy.
He was thus among the leaders of her overthrow by the General Logothete, Nikephoros I, on 31 October 802.
Finally, Twig and Maugin return to Sanctaphrax with the required stormphrax, and overthrow the tyrannical Most High Academe, Vilnix Pompolnius.
From here Bryennios began plotting to overthrow the emperor.
He became the sovereign of the English government by the overthrow of James in the Glorious Revolution.
Having largely pacified the Caucasus he left for Persia where he would overthrow the Shahanshah and establish his own dynasty.
The new organization operated openly and had political goals: the violent overthrow of Republican rule and suppression of black voting.
His secret plan to overthrow Westbrook and rule the nation himself has been undone by his brother's actions.
They return to Cybertron and overthrow Rodimus Prime.
Serbia had been in a state of political crisis since the overthrow of the post-communist ruler, Slobodan Milosevic, in 2001.
Her inability to provide an heir contributed to the overthrow of her husband, King Otto.
The murder is part of a plot to overthrow the monarchy of fictional Ruvania.
The Supreme Court can overthrow any lower courts decision.
After the overthrow of the Kerensky government by the Bolsheviks, he became disillusioned with the revolution.
He called for the removal of Libyan leader Gaddafi and to overthrow the governments of several other North-African countries.
The CIA operation to overthrow Jacobo Arbenz, code-named Operation PBSUCCESS, was authorized by Eisenhower in August 1953.
During this time, Figueredo composed arduously, home-schooled his children, and secretly conspired to overthrow the Spanish-backed Cuban government.
More tranquility was expected in 1931, after General Ferrera was killed in a final attempt to overthrow the government.
Mengistu's overthrow in May 1991 caused a number of shifts.
Following the overthrow of the Ba'athist government of Iraq Jebara began working with the Coalition Forces.
Since 2003 gradually reduced the popularity of the show to come to overthrow its screen in the autumn of 2004.
The Popular Union was established as a result of the violent overthrow of President Juan Peron on September 19, 1955.
The group started an armed struggle to overthrow the British Raj.
But he stopped short of calling for the overthrow of the government.
Assur danin Pal had sought the alliance of the Babylonian King Marduk-balatsuiqbi, and tried to overthrow his brother.
The Soviets, on the other hand, were portrayed as champions who were trying to overthrow the capitalists, such as America.
They were charged with planning to overthrow the government.
The next year "an alleged plot" by convulsionnaire revolutionaries to overthrow the parlements and assassinate Louis XV was thwarted.
In 1936, Heydrich learned that a top-ranking Soviet officer was plotting to overthrow Joseph Stalin.
It is their destiny to return to Patusan, overthrow Colonel Chi, and free the people.
But he will also always be remembered as the most prominent Tanzanian leader who tried to overthrow President Julius Nyerere.
During the Boshin War he was a leader in the Saga forces committed to the overthrow of the Tokugawa shogunate.
During this time, the anti-colonial guerrilla and political movement FRELIMO was struggling to overthrow the Portuguese colonial rule in Mozambique.
The family escaped to the Netherlands after a failed plot by the Earl of Essex to overthrow the Queen.
Through another handmaid, Ofglen, Offred learns of the Mayday resistance, an underground network working to overthrow Gilead.
The 352nd TFS deployed the next day (16 Jul 58) to stand by during a presidential overthrow in Lebanon.
Members are accused of terrorism and of plotting to overthrow the civilian government.
Ahuramazda brought me help; by the grace of Ahuramazda did my army utterly overthrow that rebel host.
This position helped him launch his plans to overthrow the government of Vasquez.
He leads the Partisans who are trying to overthrow Isabella for her crimes.
Faced with the potential overthrow of the Danish monarchy, Christian X backed down and dismissed his own government.
And, like Simnel, he was one of the tools used by the Yorkists in their endeavours to overthrow Henry VII.
In January 1549, Seymour was arrested on suspicion of plotting to marry Elizabeth and overthrow the Lord Protector.
It also controversially granted aid to paramilitary forces seeking to overthrow leftist governments, particularly in war-torn Central America and Afghanistan.
Despite the overthrow of the monarchy in 1917, the former Dowager Empress Maria at first refused to leave Russia.
Chen Jitang and Li Zongren conspired to overthrow Chiang but were politically outmaneuvered by bribes and defections.
On 13 November 1970, Minister of Defense Hafez al-Assad seized power in a bloodless military overthrow ("The Corrective Movement").
He served as President of Venezuela following the overthrow of Marcos Pérez Jiménez on 23 January 1958.
It was a freedom fighting movement aimed to overthrow the Arab Caliphate and restore the Sassanians to the throne.
The Brazilian military has also three times intervened militarily to overthrow the Brazilian government.
The clan-based armed opposition groups eventually managed to overthrow the Barre government in 1991.
The appeal to old-fashioned values cloaked the radical overthrow of the Republic's participatory political institutions by top-down, one-man rule.
In his memoir, Don claimed Miller had cryptically encouraged him to overthrow Diem a few months before the coup attempt.
The Oath was a vow to defend the Commonwealth, and not to conspire to overthrow the government.
However the actual overthrow was led by a battalion commander, Abdul Salam Arif, in the 19th Infantry Brigade.
Sadly, it seems that for him Conan's overthrow of dark priests came too late.
In turn, a group of Hungarian nobles conspired against Corvinus and invited the Polish king to overthrow him.
The first major demonstrations to overthrow Mohammad Reza Pahlavi began in January 1978.
Following the overthrow of the sultanate, Ibn Battuta had no choice but to leave India.
Following the Glorious Revolution and the overthrow of James II, the Duke held Edinburgh Castle against the Protestant Conventionists.
One sells his services to the Rebellion, while the other attempts to overthrow the Emperor.
Both Xiao Yan and Xiao Yingzhou then declared that they wanted to overthrow Xiao Baojuan and make Xiao Baorong emperor.
It was Cleveland's sixth win in a row.
The player who won the coin toss choose which row of celebrities (either the top or bottom) to play with.
Nicklin was leader of the opposition for sixteen years, losing five elections in a row (1944, 1947, 1950, 1953, 1956).
He is sent to the Mississippi State Penitentiary, and placed on death row.
Kerry claimed their third title in a row, winning the only goalless final.
Wexford last appeared in the championship decider in 1951 when they lost out to Tipperary who captured their own three-in-a-row.
He was criticized by Daily Front Row, which considered Cataldo's anti-Valentine's Day campaign to be too extreme.
He then went on a streak as a balloon buster, downing four observation balloons in a row.
His reporting has put him face-to-face with murderers on death row in Montana and Texas.
Jon Finkel also had another final eight showing, his third in a row.
Due to its large collection of night clubs and restaurants, it is locally known as "Restaurant Row."
Michael Schumacher started alongside Coulthard on the front row of the grid.
Full wagonloads continued to be dealt with at smaller stations such as Forest Row, Rowfant and Grange Road.
The Blazers Boys Track Team won the state championship three times in a row in 2004, 2005 and 2006.
It was the band's fourth million-selling album in a row.
Another seven years later Mr. T appeared in the front row of the November 19, 2001, episode of WWF Raw.
In May 2012, three cases in a row were thrown out of court, the most recent one for "insufficient summons".
It is 64 steps from the bottom row to the top row of the lower deck.
Each entry in the second row is the product of 1 with the third-row entry to the left.
Hundred of animal lovers and potential adopters turned out for the inauguration of Rescue Row.
In each row, the top three bits are the three inputs to the full adder (two terms and carry-in).
Before this time, it was called Mayfair Row.
Each can be taken as a multiplication table with border row "ab" or "ba" and border column "ab" or "ba".
All table views can use alternating blue and white row backgrounds.
Duke's J.J. Redick won the tournament's Most Valuable Player Award for the second year in a row.
The row style of desk arrangement has been found to cause the students to withdraw.
He was voted favorite actor on Passions for more than 80 weeks in a row in Soap Opera Digest.
The folds are strong, close and numerous, not extending quite to the row of holes.
The away kit features design of white and blue stripes is shaped by a white row of lines.
Initially cottagers relied on rowboats and canoes for daily transport and would sometimes row substantial distances.
Kendig was named national coach of the year in 1999 after earning 6 conference championships in a row.
Only Nolan Ryan (twice), Ron Davis, and Roger Clemens had struck out eight in a row in the American League.
From 1954 to 1972 the plant also produced a wheel-type row-crop tractor with a tractive force of 0.6 tons-force.
Palm trees are strategically located within the lawn areas, with a row forming a border to Abbott Street.
Jewell also self-released albums entitled One in a Row and Far Enough Away in 2001 and 2002 respectively.
Michael Schumacher and Felipe Massa earned Ferrari a front row lockout, ahead of Giancarlo Fisichella and Rubens Barrichello.
Mayo are All Ireland Champions for 2 in a row & Connacht Champions for 4 in a row.
Titikaveka won the championship, their third recorded championship in a row.
The band enjoyed back-to-back victories in New York in 1990 and 1991, then five in a row from 1999-2003.
An upper tooth row of an indricothere from the Eocene was first described in 1974.
Kurt Busch was the points leader and sat on the front row.
Dorsal scales in 19 rows at midbody, all keeled except last row, with indistinct double apical facets.
James Roe attended Norfolk State University from 1992 to 1995 and was voted All-CIAA three years in row.
Athletic Bilbao won their 11th title, the second in a row.
Top row has 7 pins, middle row has 5 pins, and the bottom row has 3 pins.
The fence or row of trees usually serves no purpose to the owner.
This was their second All-Ireland title in-a-row and their eighth overall.
On August 26, 2016 Frank played Reading Festival for the 10th year in a row which is a record.
He sings "roll" and "merry-ly" while his class sings "Row, Row, Row Your Boat".
Between these is a row of rectangular plaster panels.
From the front row with Mike Hart; 18:41"'Princess among pirates' My mother's a special lady".
Arie Luyendyk (223.304 mph) squeezed onto the front row, bumping Bobby Rahal back to row two.
In the team event Italy maintained their domination, earning their third gold medal in a row.
Castroneves's Penske teammate Juan Pablo Montoya started alongside on the front row.
Note that the first row contains the 0 vector and the codewords of (0 itself being a codeword).
Ambrose won the race for the second time in a row with his 2-year-old daughter Adelaide watching.
The state's death row for men is located at Ely State Prison.
The defending champion, Randy Ferbey and his team from Alberta were the winners, winning their third Brier in a row.
This marked the third time in a row that Democrats gained on the majority Republicans.
The last track is a previously unreleased track from both Death Row artists Petey Pablo and Kurupt.
Famously asked about his medals: "The first row are for service in Abyssinia.
Fox was named "Best Pittsburgh Newscaster" seven years in a row by the Pittsburgh Tribune Review.
According to government archives, Seow was responsible for the development of a row of nine terrace houses along Cairnhill Road.
Construction got under way again and six rows of tents, approximately seven tents in each row, were set up.
They are called Single Street, consist of single row houses, and Double Street consist of Double row of houses.
If test is canceled or aborted, then the row data like date and location discloses the intended plans, where known.
At the row of the holes there is an angle.
The Christina Crain Unit houses all non-death row custody levels and is equipped to hold 2,014 prisoners.
The win was KC's fourth in a row, which moved them into first place in the AFC West.
The buildings include what has been known as the "Old Row".
However, row crops such as wheat, sorghum, sunflowers and soy beans are important also.
It is part of the civil parish of Beck Row, Holywell Row and Kenny Hill.
Then, beside each of the three cards is a row of seven cards.
Winning two drivers' championships in a row is considered to be one of the best endings in the game.
Conversely, rows of purl stitches tend to form an embossed ridge relative to a row of knit stitches.
She worked a short stint as a waitress at the local Music Row IHOP restaurant.
The more questions that you answer in a row, the more money they're worth.
Examples include greenhouses, polytunnels, row cover, and cloches.
In 1987 Hennessy was captain as Cork were attempting to make history by winning a record sixth Munster title in-a-row.
In 1997 Kurupt left Death Row but remained in Tha Dogg Pound.
In other words, it is a 'row-reversed' or 'column-reversed' version of the identity matrix.
Six-in-a-row proved beyond Munster in 1947, as an all-Galway Connacht side secured an historic 2-5 to 1-1 victory.
The bullhorn was broken and inoperable for the three weeks prior to the bombing of the row house.
The remaining 6% of residences are row houses.
They won their first of five AFL championships in 1994; in 2014 they won their third championship in a row.
Gonzalez won eight more fights in a row before being given another chance at becoming world Flyweight champion.
It has a double row of 15 columns, having capitals from other buildings, and supporting a dome.
His father's brother Robert Jameson, was also a physician and lived with them on Rotten Row.
Recessive, dominant, X-linked or mitochondrial genetic mutations can affect the structure or metabolism of the inner ear.
Dog fluDog flu (or "canine influenza") refers to varieties of influenza A virus that affect dogs.
This is based on research that suggests that a single individual can significantly affect a group.
Nutrients that affect cell growth the most in thermococci species are carbon and nitrogen sources.
Therefore, signals from an interval approximately into the future affect the acceleration in the present.
Savage frequently mentions political issues in his column, particularly issues that affect family planning, birth control, and sexuality.
The salinity and temperature of water affect its density, and hence how deep a ship will float in the water.
Note that the synchronization of the chronometer on GMT did not affect shipboard time itself, which was still solar time.
All the songs are extremely easy on ears with smooth flowing affect and focuses more on melody, lyrics and vocals.
It would also affect the toddy tappers(Render caste)Merger would result in a loss of jobs for Goans.
Player actions in one universe affect events in the other two.
Germ cell tumor is a rare cancer that can affect people at all ages.
However this change was taken by Yuri Levada as an attempt to affect the outcomes of VTsIOM studies.
Narratology is the study of narrative and narrative structure and the ways that these affect our perception.
Genetic polymorphisms that affect this enzymatic activity are correlated with variations in sensitivity and toxicity to such drugs within individuals.
It also does not always affect the entire body.
Additionally, other psychological constructs suggest further limits on how context can affect memory.
When achieved, critical consciousness encourages individuals to affect change in their world through social critique and political action.
The reason why the rings were unable to affect yellow objects has changed significantly from writer to writer.
Dominion also reported that the aftershocks did not affect the power plant.
Antibiotics only work for bacteria and do not affect viruses.
Political and institutional uncertainty, a perception of rising insecurity and sporadic unrest continue to negatively affect economic growth.
These restrictions do not affect the part of Kaiser-Joseph-Strasse which is located south of Martinstor.
This illustrates how differences in environmental conditions can significantly affect bullet flight.
Social artists are people who use creative skills to work with people or organizations in their community to affect change.
The resulting voltage difference can affect electrical equipment, change surface chemistry, erode surfaces and levitate Lunar dust.
The large forest reserves favourably affect the climate and induce rains.
It is unclear if these devices affect the amount of physical activity children engage in.
Thus, mutations in the enzyme can affect transcription elongation.
When sleep deprived, the metabolic system will be out of balance, which will ultimately affect the dietary choices people make.
However, this finding may have little to do with affect derived from events experienced at work.
Batteries and other components that degrade over time may affect the operation of a product.
Second, the interactional approach does not seek to enhance the affect-processing capacities of computer systems.
The actual population changes of the county did not directly affect the number of senators or representatives at this time.
It is arguable how such a reduction in size would affect the Bundeswehr's capabilities.
Cats, like all living organisms, occasionally have mutations that affect their body type.
They do not affect those sources that release mercury incidentally as a by-product.
One line of research that Saad has been exploring is how hormones affect consumers and the decisions they make.
Alpha and beta radiation have low penetrating power and are unlikely to affect vital internal organs from outside the body.
The attacks also affect the limbs, usually unilaterally, but bilateral symptoms have also been experienced.
Engagement is complex because a variety of exposure and relationship factors affect engagement, making simplified rankings misleading.
Multiple factors affect human sex drive, including stress, illness, pregnancy, and others.
It causes intellectual disability and congenital malformations that affect a variety of organ systems.
In India, religious beliefs commonly affect the diet: some patients are vegetarians, will not eat root vegetables or avoid beef.
For emunah to affect him in this way he needs study and contemplation."
Long-term experiments have provided some of the best data on how various practices affect soil properties essential to sustainability.
In traumatic subarachnoid hemorrhage, nimodipine does not affect long-term outcome, and is not recommended.
It is not reserved for antique objects but can affect contemporary metals like modern cupro-nickel coins.
It is known to affect mainly tea plants (Thea genus).
The definition of "harm" includes changes in habitat that affect endangered species.
Languishing was characterized by a ratio of positive to negative affect of 2.5.
If a decision could affect an entire industry, companies other than the litigants may wish to have their concerns heard.
It has the power to affect people deeply.
Other factors such as saccadic eye movements and the linear relationship between letters also affect the way we recognize words.
His parents were resistant as they were afraid that he will not study and this will affect his life negatively.
The narrative element involves the main character having conversations with other characters, making choices that affect the storyline.
The scientific evidence shows that low frequency noise does affect brain activity and can severely affect people's sleep patterns.
The next Supreme Court justice will make decisions that affect every American and shape our nation's legal landscape for decades.
In states with inclusive Medicaid policies and small immigrant population, immigration does not affect the participation gap.
The Army Corps of Engineers operates 13 such dams, which affect flows from about 40 percent of the basin.
Competition is one of many interacting biotic and abiotic factors that affect community structure.
How does being unaware of having Jewish parents affect one's Jewish status?
Wind, temperature, and humidity also affect the rate of volatilisation with humidity reducing in.
The three recognised colours of Labrador Retrievers result from differences in two genetic loci that affect pigment expression.
Every producer of nautical publications also provides a system to inform mariners of changes that affect the chart.
Nutrient deficiencies in these areas can adversely affect plant growth and development.
This will affect international recognitions because the crisis weakens the position of Kosovo."
Particle size and distribution will affect a soil's capacity for holding water and nutrients.
The results he obtained showed that modality improved recency but did not affect recall for the pre-recency items.
The Court ruled that the book does not adversely affect Cabuli's work or his reputation in South America.
Prevention and mitigation of wildlife fatalities, and protection of peat bogs, affect the siting and operation of wind turbines.
Most toxicants are known to affect only a fraction of exposed population.
Her multi-media artwork expresses human rights issues, especially those that affect Native American people today.
The general or special rules cannot affect this question, though they may apply when it is determined.
The black flies are mainly local and typically only affect artificial nest boxes.
In support of this hypothesis, animal studies have shown that environmental factors such as stress can affect an animal's genotype.
Doping has been shown to strongly affect the optical properties of semiconductor nanocrystals.
However, many other factors also affect intelligence.
Petty and Cacioppo suggest that negative affect should lead to more central processing and positive affect to more peripheral processing.
Political factors such as ideologies of political parties, political leaders and political stability affect the attitudes of people.
During the Second World War, by 1943, shortages in food and resources begin to affect all warring nations.
The phenomena may affect electromagnetic frequencies beyond the microwave region.
In turn, the events of suspense must also directly affect the relationship and move the story forward."
Climate change could affect ticks in a variety of ways.
Generally, these relate to matters that may affect the performance of the judicial officer concerned.
These laws would affect the up to 825,000 Jews, who lived in territory reacquired by Hungary in 1941.
Experimental economics researchers have demonstrated how sunspots could affect economic activity.
The illness starts to seriously affect Sarah's fast paced job as a consultant in the Emergency Department.
IF does not affect the handling of non-maskable interrupts or software interrupts generated by the INT instruction.
Therefore, the use of apéritifs to affect one's consumption of food was a practice in the 5th century.
The second carbody consisted of a small baggage section and a short buffet and 20-passenger coach section.
McLaughlin won, and remained the representative until 1943 (succeeded by Howard H. Buffet).
He admired Bernard Buffet, a young artist who was then enjoying a social and artistic success in Paris.
In Chiang Mai Province, activities include buffet luncheons for elephants, a traditional blessing ceremony and a special elephant show.
The buffet cars were fitted with new Japanese bogies of Kinki-Sharyo manufacture.
Dessert Vikings are very popular in Japan, where one can eat from a buffet full of desserts.
The buffet is in place of the Sitka Coffee Place, at one end of deck 6.
The current station building, together with its buffet and hotel, was opened in 1926.
Onboard amenities included a dancefloor and stage, tea room, buffet, cocktail bar, even a fish and chip saloon.
By January 1995, Vacation Village's Western Barbeque Buffet had been remodeled and renamed as the Great China Buffet.
Originally the menu at Garfunkel's centred about a large buffet table.
The statue had to withstand the powerful windsheers that buffet the ridge tops.
Jensen was brought into Old Country Buffet in by Roe Hatlen and C. Dennis Scott in 1983.
There is also a brasserie-style buffet located one floor above the main observatory level.
And on the other hand, through his private buffet.
Paula Deen's Buffet is reported to be the first celebrity chef-branded buffet at an American casino.
One of the buffet cars, 59831 was rebuilt as a Class 309 AC EMU griddle car, and renumbered 69108.
The waiting room on platform 2 and the station buffet have also been refurbished.
The informal luncheon at small tables calls for service by a number of maids, hence the "buffet" plan is preferable.
In 1898, Armstrong open a buffet in Kaukauna, Wisconsin.
Restaurant buffet bars, tea buffet bars and licensed bars were to be found in all three enclosures.
In Taiwan, a number of restaurants exist that specialize in Mongolian barbecue with additional buffet items available as well.
This was the first multi-cuisine buffet restaurant of its kind in the UK.
The breakfast buffet features a selection of hot and cold food including traditional hot breakfast items and also continental items.
These consist of three WDA driving cars, three WDB driving cars without buffet, and one motored WDC non-driving car.
Old Country Buffet locations have a mascot named, "O.C. Bee" (or "H.T. Bee" at HomeTown Buffet).
Cha Chaan Teng buffet is rich in Hong Kong local culture.
Guests are first served dinner buffet style and the show follows about an hour and a half later.
The passengers on the trains disembarked and headed to a buffet of cold meats in the L&M's warehouse.
The primary customers were musical instrument manufacturers like Leblanc (musical instrument manufacturer), W.T. Armstrong Company, Getzen, Allied, Gemeinhardt and Buffet.
However, Evangeline and Alexei are more interested in the buffet.
The Luncheon, Brunch, and Dinner cruises all include non-alcoholic food and drinks with their tickets that are served buffet style.
At hotels in Israel, the Israeli breakfast is commonly presented as a self-service buffet.
Tanjil modified to full-length buffet but with 28 seats instead of 27, and the external doors welded shut.
The renovation added a fourth-deck buffet restaurant, bars, an enlarged gift shop, an elevator, and additional interior seating.
Williams also recounted his gathering up of the sandwiches left over from a buffet for the Carry On cast.
That freed Moorabool, the buffet car previously allocated to The Gippslander (1952-1980), for use on the Train of Knowledge.
The following dishes cover the essentials of a "buffet" luncheon.
Buffet-style restaurants where the server brings only beverages, 10% is customary.
These units have Buffet Cars, but a trolley service is provided.
Buffy the Buffet Car in Starlight Express.
In 2015, Tado Steakhouse was constructed, Tradewinds Buffet was remodeled and the water park & spa construction began.
Amtrak converted four buffet cars to automats in 1985 for use on the Auto Train.
Eight buffet cars coded RS were originally constructed by Commonwealth Engineering and numbered 2299 to 2306.
Along this path they opened the Riverwalk Restaurant (later renamed Billabong BBQ and Buffet).
Also, a 1951 Yellow Pages listing refers to the "salad bar buffet" at Springfield, Illinois restaurant The Cliffs.
Chef Mickey (the main restaurant) has an international cuisine buffet, while Hollywood & Dine has quick-service food and beverages.
Where'n the Hell is the God damn buffet at?
Carter and Warren turn up, and head to the buffet table.
One buffet car survived and is at the Great Central Railway.
Donnelly goes to the buffet cart to get a drink.
Recently though, Gharonda builders have also started an exclusively buffet serving restaurant by the name of 'Swaad'.
Only Platform 1 has amenities, including toilets, refreshments and a buffet.
In an effort to keep patrons in his casino, Katleman came up with the idea of the buffet in 1947.
Picnic tables, or catering buffet tables have long benches as well as a table.
Many of the 4BEP fleet were converted to standard units, since the requirement for buffet cars had declined.
Food is available onboard from a buffet car located in either carriages 4 or 14 depending on the train.
HomeTown Buffet popularized the "scatter buffet", which refers to the layout of separate food pavilions.
In the gold room, a marble buffet and mirror face a marble fireplace.
Patrons may also dine from the buffet only without ordering a meat entree.
The tower has two restaurants at its top, the lower Revolving Dining Room and the upper Summit Suite Buffet.
The buffet offer a wide variety of salads, entrees, and desserts.
Destitute, he wanders into the Columbia Buffet where he meets Camilla Lopez, a waitress.
The brand even started running a vegan buffet chain in Hong Kong, in 2015.
Two rakes were formed with a Pullman coach that provided a buffet service for a supplementary fare.
Buffet opens each Berkshire Hathaway shareholder meeting with Ireland and Bill Gates.
Casa Bonita was reopened by Star Buffet under the original name in late July 2008.
Some restaurants also offer buffets, such as a lunch buffet, or are specifically buffet restaurants.
The bar offered a modest free buffet, perhaps a single dish such as lasagna over a can of Sterno.
While marketing and signage have advertised the construction of an indoor ice rink and a large sushi and seafood buffet.
The buffet-lounge-observation cars built by Pullman Standard were named Mountain View and Tower View.
The car was converted to its buffet car state by the Auto-Train Corporation when they bought the car.
The center will have a buffet, restaurants, night club, and a thousands of square feet of gaming space.
The lines were electrified at 750 V DC and Class 411 stock was built; some units contained a buffet car.
The Jolly Rogers perform this song on their 2000 album, Midnight Buffet.
It reopened as the Tampa Buffet on November 29, 2009 and includes expanded dining facilities and buffet selection.
The hotel has three restaurants, including one on the rooftop, and presents Rajasthani folk dancers during buffet dinners.
In Sweden, a traditional form of buffet is the smorgasbord, which literally means "table of sandwiches".
The Agora is a buffet style dining system.
In the US, there are numerous Chinese-American cuisine inspired buffet restaurants, and well as those serving primarily traditional American fare.
The station incorporates a popular station buffet, a picnic area, and a children's play area.
The museum includes a cloakroom, buffet, library and souvenir shop.
Those who pay $80 can have the dinner buffet.
The three full buffet cars were still utilised.
The event also featured live music by Hyperdrive, a buffet, a costume contest, plus open and tournament gaming.
The horse itself was not passive, and could buffet the enemy combatant.
These stores include a fast food restaurant, a grocery store, an American buffet, and an electronics retail store.
The interior design of these buffet cars was based on the buffet cars built by Victorian Railways in 1938-39.
In 1969, the restriction on married women was removed, and the automatic discharge of pregnant women was dropped in 1974.
The fen drains could not naturally discharge into Vernatt's Drain.
The stream flows downslope on an easterly course as it makes its way to discharge to the Cowie Water.
She absorbs electricity from her environment which she can discharge as powerful electric blasts or utilize as superhuman speed.
Electric discharge describes any flow of electric charge through a gas, liquid or solid.
Fisher reached the rank of Staff Sergeant before his discharge on April 8, 1946 as well as a Bronze Star.
Despite his discharge Varlamov did not leave the cosmonaut training centre as other unsuccessful candidates had done.
The peak annual discharge has a 0.2 percent chance of reaching 8,020 cubic feet (227 m³) per second.
After his discharge from the army, he returned home to Kershaw County a hero.
Tests selected and desired test results vary with the intended use or discharge location.
After his discharge from the Army, McConnell was a gospel vocalist with several evangelists.
The river discharge would grow at nearly the same proportions.
The G.I. Bill also provided for discharge review boards to review an appeal of any discharge other than dishonorable.
By the time of his discharge, he had been promoted to Major.
If the stage-discharge relationship does not change with time, it is called permanent control.
Instead, the Air Force issued an administrative discharge for "failure to demonstrate acceptable qualities of leadership".
This model also included high-intensity discharge headlamps and imitation-carbon-fiber interior trim panels that replaced the standard woodgrain trim panels.
These may cause a discharge from the ear called otorrhea, and are often investigated by otoscopy and audiometry.
Those who were not eligible for discharge were transferred to other battalions for further service.
In 1958, after his discharge, he rejoined the Bluegrass Boys, recording ten more songs.
They all flow northwestward and discharge into the Baltic Sea.
The suit allege thousand of violations of the city's National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System Permit from their sewage treatment plant.
Ozone is made by passing oxygen through ultraviolet light or a "cold" electrical discharge.
The peak annual discharge has a 0.2 percent chance of reaching 1,692 cubic feet per second (47.9 m³/s).
Upon Pritchard's discharge, they set up residence at 330 Davis Street in what is now part of Allegan's historic district.
Post-discharge care of the cardiothoracic surgical patient, in Filsoufi, ed.
Several structural components are involved in spore discharge in W. americana, such as the ascus, the operculum, the suboperculum.
Murphy briefly found a creative stress outlet in writing poetry after his Army discharge.
In 1910 the House established the first known discharge rule since the Civil War.
The electrical discharge of M. electricus is not known to be fatal to humans.
Figure 1 provides a visual representation of the steps described above to determine the discharge at a lake outlet.
Aug. 1972: General discharge from the military.
These were by far the simplest of the J series hoppers, with no roof and a very basic discharge system.
The electric discharge from this organ is used for navigation, communication, defense and also sometimes for the incapacitation of prey.
To justify the need for a large surface capacitance of the cathode foil see the section on charge/discharge stability below.
After his honorable discharge, Dolarhyde gets a job with the Gateway Corp.
The eastern platform is a side platform used only to discharge passengers.
The overall amount of vaginal discharge decreases in menopause.
Enemy activity lessened after two hours and Pierce was ordered to close the reef to receive casualties and discharge cargo.
He remained as supernumerary until November 12, 1883, when he received an honorable discharge from Gov.
The average discharge quantity amounts to 3 m³/s at the delta.
Officers who did not choose to stand for re-election were also offered a discharge.
Upon discharge, he sought the office of Ohio Attorney General but lost.
Dryland salinity is broadly the result of three processes: Groundwater recharge, Ground water movement and Groundwater discharge.
At Minidoka, Idaho, about halfway through the Snake River Plain, the river's discharge rises to 7,841 cu ft/s (222.0 m³/s).
Its mean annual discharge is 79 m³/s (2,790 cfs) at its mouth.
The epilogue states that Shelly lost 17 pounds after discharge and underwent electric shock therapy to treat her depression.
He received an honorable discharge from the Navy in 1965 when he was a Lieutenant (junior grade).
The average discharge of the river at the mouth is 2,377 cubic feet per second (67.3 m³/s).
After his discharge from the army in 2006, Jang made his comeback in the drama series Thank You.
Following his discharge, Crossland was elected colonel of the 7th Kentucky Infantry and served with them in Mississippi.
This consideration may include setting a "no discharge of pollutants standard" (also called a "zero discharge" standard) if practicable.
Article 10 establishes the basic framework for water discharge according to the rules and procedures enacted by the Health Ministry.
By mean annual discharge it ranks third in Europe, after the Volga and Danube.
Empirically proven effects include splanchnic sympathetic nerve discharge and increased arterial pressure.
SGLI policyholders may convert their policy to VGLI upon discharge unless an exception for total disability applies.
Symptoms include lower abdominal pain, fever and abnormal vaginal bleeding or discharge.
He cannot discharge them, as they have been unionized by the ILW.
On December 14, 2012 judge Timothy Dore denied Hazelrigg a discharge of his debt.
Charged with wartime cowardice, Major Lex Kearney is drummed out of the Union Army with a dishonorable discharge.
Since 1993, an innovative sewer system has protected the water in the area from sewage discharge.
The Caroni supplies 15.5 percent of the discharge of the Orinoco river.
On discharge in 1945, he joined the Rank Organisation under Muir Mathieson.
The director also said that dams had been erected to prevent discharge of pollutants into the nearby Long River (Longjiang).
Finally the muzzle velocity of the pellets is adjustable to minimize movement and balance shifts during discharge.
The drain discharge is found from an agricultural water balance.
Soon after his discharge, Dan Halutz became the CEO of a prestigious car importer.
The trustees can discharge their duties, as they often did until 1961, by investing the whole fund in gilt-edged securities.
His discharge papers describe him as 6 ft 2 ins tall with a "fair" complexion, grey eyes and "light" hair.
The highest discharge in a single month was 479 cubic feet per second (13.6 m³/s) in March 1920.
It is the site of the Pearl River's discharge into the South China Sea.
The accidental discharge of a weapon inside the Humvee promoted the Jordanian guard to open fire upon the vehicle.
Arriving at Brest, France, on 7 September 1918, she moved to Pauillac the same day to discharge her cargo.
In 1938, he got his first patent, "Electron Discharge Device", on electron multipliers.
Upon his discharge from the Navy, Younge began attending the Tuskegee Institute, in 1965, as a political science student.
Around 395 BC, during the wars between Rome and Veii, a discharge tunnel was built crossing the crater walls.
Must have received an honorable discharge or received a discharge under honorable conditions.
The court's verdict not only upheld his discharge, but ruled that he was ".
As this gauge is below the New Exchequer Dam, the USGS notes that all "Discharge affected by Regulation or Diversion".
Burlison began or renewed his friendship with the Burnette Brothers, depending upon which discharge date is correct.
Ultraviolet cleaning devices may also be used to disinfect the rooms of patients infected with Clostridium difficile after discharge.
At present, the branches Waal and Nederrijn-Lek discharge to the North Sea through the former Meuse estuary, near Rotterdam.
The discharge ranged from 261.22 to 16,553.21 gallons per minute.
He ended his tour with an honorable discharge.
With a lithium-ion battery or a low self-discharge NiMH battery, rechargeable battery shelf life is extended.
The U-HID lamp produces a beam of light due to the formation of a plasma discharge arc.
As pulse discharge capacitors, they are useful in applications with reversing voltages, such as in magnetizing equipment.
The source of the contamination was discharge from the RAAF Base Amberley.
After his discharge, and back in civilian life, he worked as a stockbroker, and then as a fishing supplies salesman.
The two penstock pipe lines are designed to carry a discharge of 17.88 cubic metres (631 cu ft) per second.
The Waco C-62 was a proposed high wing transport airplane similar in size and capacity to the Douglas DC-3.
Public transport is freely available, as many long route buses pass through Akurana.
The railway is still operational today and is only used to either transport timber or haul tourists on special occasions.
Transport in the parish is relatively restricted in terms of heavy vehicular access and public transport.
Endoplasmic reticulum amino peptidase 1 is active in the endoplasmic reticulum, which is involved in protein processing and transport.
One was installed on an AEC chassis for the Auckland Transport Board to trial.
Bullock carts have been traditionally used for transport, especially in rural India.
Biochemical evidence suggests that phosphate transport may be involved in this disease.
But, even then, there would be questions about the cost of transport which would have to be resolved.
Taxis and buses can be found on both ends of the public transport spectrum.
She was operated by the Royal Navy to transport up to 1,200 troops and family from Portsmouth to Bombay.
The main form of urban transport is the helicopter, with variations including "taxicopters" and expensive, long-range "sporticopters".
In 1948 it began to build motorcycles, scooters and motocarries (three-wheeled transport scooters/motorcycles).
This would include pay, official residence, transport and security detail.
All services are operated by the Public Transport Authority.
The civil war and neglect severely damaged Cambodia's transport system.
The Indonesian Transport Minister, Hatta Rajasa, said that the ship was not old and was still seaworthy.
Beljeanne was a 7,843 GRT heavy lift ship that was built in 1946 for the British Ministry of Transport.
Dimensioners are used in the transport and logistics industry as a tool for measuring dimensional weight.
The Navy operates its own aircraft for transport and patrol; there are no Navy fighter or bomber aircraft.
The bombs were sent to All Cargo Transport, Inc., Servicios Especialados and Tiger Garage.
This form of mobile presentation is based on the development of means of transport: Taxi, bike, Segway, etc.
The neck is removable from the body for easier storage and transport.
It runs as one of the important German transport routes along the Regnitz Valley.
The most current theory suggests that defective ion transport leads to dehydration in the airway epithelia, thickening mucus.
There is evidence suggesting that it could be due to defects in the axonal transport of mitochondria.
This card is issued by Seoul Bus Transport Association and eB Card.
The public transport of Antwerp was exploited by 9 different companies.
Parner is served by the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation.
Carleo Enterprises then formally changed the name from Public Utility Transport Corporation to PUTCO Limited.
Mature cisternae reach the final stage where cargo proteins are sent to transport carriers and finally the cisternae disassemble.
Boothville is home to the Boothville Heliport, important in helicopter transport for offshore oil rigs in the Gulf of Mexico.
The drivers and camels of the Egyptian Camel Transport Corps were also called on in the Sinai to transport aeroplanes.
The Group helps with free charter flights carrying relief supplies, land transport as well as monetary donations.
This "new" station is the Britomart Transport Centre, and is proving a great success.
Up to 4 people could enjoy the reduced far if they are in possession of a public transport card.
ASP is also known for its augmentation of glucose transport and inhibiting action on hormone-sensitive lipase.
The terminus is utilised by TNSTC, SETC, Kerala State Road Transport Corporation and Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation.
The success of the inter-city railway, particularly in the transport of freight and commodities, led to Railway Mania.
The Ministry of Transport has its head office in the district.
Torelli sailed as a transport submarine on 18 June 1943 and reached Penang on 27 August 1943.
However, his transport into subspace was incomplete and only very small parts of his data got trapped in Messiah.
Road-based transport is the primary source of transport in Phnom Penh.
Services are provided by Abellio ScotRail on behalf of Strathclyde Partnership for Transport (SPT).
Frequent buses go along Barns St/East Barns Street, providing easy and fast transport to Glasgow City Centre.
These neighbourhoods are accessible by public transport, especially by Mass Rapid Transit (MRT).
The single route is numbered 802 in the regional transport scheme and is about 5 km in length.
It was first settled as a transport depot and mining camp around 1863 in what was then the Arizona Territory.
Road transport was too expensive, and rail transport was required so the timber could be harvested profitably.
Anniyur is well connected by road transport facility with its district capital Villupuram by four different routes.
Some 1.7 million workers went out, especially in transport and heavy industry.
Public transport to Kurang is from Lanja, a tehsil town and from Rajapur, another tehsil in the vicinity.
Even a few exhibits from the Nuremberg Transport Museum may be seen.
Local access and transport areaLocal telephone serviceTrunk vs.
At around that time, Reading Transport temporarily withdrew from operating their journeys in a dispute with their staff.
Lone Jack was operated under General Agency Agreement by Marine Transport Lines, Inc., of New York City.
In late 1944 and 1945, the He 111 reverted to a transport role.
As the war progressed with forward movements of the allied forces transport service was expanded to support the combat operations.
These buses are called Thane Municipal Transport or T.M.T bus.
Although designed as a fast minelayer her speed and capacity made her suitable for employment as a fast transport.
In 2011 he travelled, with various members of the transport committee, around Europe studying various rail links and rail systems.
Tourist Drives were introduced into Western Australia while Eric Charlton was the state government Minister for Transport in the 1990s.
The bombers severely damaged a 10,000-long-ton (10,000 t) tanker and a smaller troop transport.
Purves Smith's first role in the army was to transport petrol and military supplies across the south of England.
Transport Canberra manage all public transport operations within the Australian Capital Territory.
April 2008 letter from the Prefecture dealing with Morbihan transport Archived December 5, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
Phosphorylated DAT then either operates in reverse or withdraws into the presynaptic neuron and ceases transport.
Reflections by different crystallites add incoherently, and can therefore be treated by classical transport theory.
Maritime Launch Services (MLS) is a Canadian space transport services company founded in 2016 and headquartered in Nova Scotia, Canada.
Several transportable units as well as wheelchair transport vans and one medic fly car are housed here.
In the fall, the new transport joined a convoy at Halifax, Nova Scotia, and sailed for Cape Town, South Africa.
The New Zealand Transport Agency is currently looking at upgrading this interchange, with investigation completed by 2010-2011.
In March of the same year, he was moved with fifty other prisoners to the convict transport, the 'England'.
The Northrop YC-125 Raider was a 1940s American three-engined STOL utility transport built by Northrop Corporation, Hawthorne, California.
Lieutenant Winslow asks Holden to transport Cortilla and his men to a military garrison.
The two largest, representing teachers (STEB) and transport workers (SYPROTAVEBU), together constitute about 75 percent of the confederation's total membership.
William Duma, ousted from the government in February, was re-admitted, this time as Minister for Transport.
The Ministry provides policy advice to the Minister, in collaboration with the Crown entities, including the making of transport rules.
The British Transport Police arrested the driver on suspicion of manslaughter.
Kerala State Road Transport Corporation operates regular daily bus services from Pathanamthitta, Thiruvananthapuram, Ernakulam and Kumili.
VMAT functions in loading the neurotransmitters dopamine, serotonin, histamine, norepinephrine, and epinephrine into transport vesicles.
The transport volume in 2008 amounted to over 90 million tons.
This type of transport is termed as retrograde transport, in contrast to the anterograde transport associated with the COPII protein.
This software, produced by the Transport Research Laboratory (UK), models traffic capacity, queues and delays at roundabouts.
Brazil offered Gutiérrez asylum and arranged air transport out of Ecuador for the former president.
River transport also connects to dozens of ports upstream, such as Kisangani and Bangui.
This trade accounts for 24 per cent by weight of internal goods transport in Britain.
All of these alternative modes of transport pollute less than the conventional (petroleum-powered) car and contribute to transport sustainability.
Control on transport of crossbows between states has increased to prevent unauthorised use of imported crossbows.
If a governor does not sign or reject a bill, it becomes law automatically.
As a result, the reject stream is concentrated up while the product stream is desalted.
Priests would reject dogma and "old cant".
Both of these assumptions are tenuous at best, and most scholars reject them.
Proponents of estimation reject the validity of hypothesis testing for the following reasons, among others:P-values are easily and commonly misinterpreted.
This design also included a "reject door" that allowed the machine to reject unshreddable materials, greatly reducing downtime.
In 1918, prior to Versailles, he published an essay titled "Reject the Anglo-American-Centered Peace" (英米本位の平和主義を排す).
Zaghloul and his cabinet decided to accept the first four terms but to reject the last two.
If he answered "Yes", he would reject Dred Scott, and would alienate Southerners.
This type of structure would be known as a band-reject or band-stop filter.
The Wales coach Graham Henry said "It was right to reject this paltry offer.
As a result, it motivated this movement to reject traditional gender and racial rules.
More recent treatments of Proto-Germanic tend to reject or simply omit discussion of the Germanic substrate hypothesis.
The first school to completely reject mercantilism was the physiocrats, who developed their theories in France.
Both groups reject the Oslo Accords and other plans for peace with Israel.
Geary even went so far as to reject his candidacy from the Democratic party of Kansas for the U.S. Senate.
We reject your claims and will never submit to your authority.
The Navajo voters would ultimately reject three attempts at establishing a constitutional government over disagreement of lasting legal language.
The Sugargliders got their start playing support for Melbourne bands Captain Cocoa, Ripe and the Fish John West Reject.
The opinion was put forward that the referendum to reject the school reforms was only successful because of this.
According to personal preference, a brighter green colour can be achieved by including spinach, though other aficionados reject this.
Tenskwatawa had a series of religious visions which transformed his life and led him to reject his old ways.
Voters then decide whether to accept or reject all amendments put forth.
Jewish texts like 3 Baruch began to reject a restored Temple completely.
Post-Keynesian economists, on the other hand, reject the neoclassical synthesis and, in general, neoclassical economics applied to the macroeconomy.
Modern historians reject the traditional view that Edward mainly employed Norman favourites, but he did have foreigners in his household.
The chairman of Parramatta mosque gave a speech during Friday prayers on 9 October 2015 saying "We reject terrorism."
One day, Vanessa tries to sit with the girls at lunchtime, but they reject her.
The new EA focused on the use of EDT for destroying overpacked and reject munitions.
Some MTAs will detect this invalid pipelining and reject email sent this way.
In particular, the context-driven community and the International Society for Software Testing reject these standards.
The Armenian Church would reject the decisions of the Council of Chalcedon, instead adhering to Miaphysitism.
Pluralists likewise reject historicism and utopian thinking.
If they cannot support the reservation being requested, they send a reject message to let the listener know about it.
The procedure may assume that reject(P,t) returned false for every ancestor t of c in the search tree.
They may even deliberately reject certain behaviors that are seen as "acting white."
In the first case, an algorithm for Unambiguous-SAT should reject, and in the second it should accept the formula.
The signatories clarified that they do not reject military service in the IDF, only targeted killings of individuals, declaring: "We.
Voters of the gold fields reject statehood as premature on 1859-09-05.
Finally, a provider can petition the FISA Court to reject the directive.
The Sekekers mutilate themselves through infibulation and breast ablation, to reject their femininity.
Based on this, they chose to reject secession.
Both the Puerto Rican Independence Party and the New Progressive Party reject Commonwealth status.
But you don't want to push too hard or they'll reject it."
Within the Jewish community, many reject Fackenheim's assertion that this could be called a commandment.
Carcetti's decision to reject the governor's bailout leaves him with intractable budget problems.
After two have been revealed, the team must reject one of the answers.
These groups are sometimes classified under denominations, though for theological reasons many groups reject this classification system.
In July 2008, the Court decided to reject the plaints against the planning decision.
It is not because I am gay that I will reject it.
At first, Hasenclever was pro-war and volunteered for military service; soon, however, he came to reject the war.
The books of Ruth and Jonah reject the racialization of the Israelite religion by Ezra.
The speaker can decide to accept or reject it.
Many economic theories reject utilitarianism and rational agency, especially those that might be considered heterodox.
When they still reject his design, however, he begs the increasingly uncomfortable City gents to accept him into the Freemasons.
The Labour Party would reject non-intervention in October 1937.
On their part, Adventists reject as unbiblical a number of teachings held by many (though not all) Fundamentalists.
We reject all government and economic repression.
One must either reject the norm (heterosexuality) or embrace it full force."
Athos, Porthos, and Aramis all reject it, and d'Artagnan is promoted to Lieutenant of the Musketeers.
In the 1540s, the Shah Tahmasp became increasingly orthodox and grew to reject artistic representations of living creatures.
If his sentiments displease them, they reject them with murmurs; if they are satisfied, they brandish their spears."
Mainstream historical linguists reject Wang's hypothesis, continuing to adhere to Neogrammarian exceptionlessness.
Groups (like individual analysts) can also reject evidence which contradicts prior conclusions.
This was sufficient for many roads, for whom current locomotives were taxing enough, to reject the duplex idea.
However, the Mieu reject this and see themselves as a distinct ethnicity.
Today, most scholars reject the translation of epiousios as meaning daily.
Christadelphians and Jehovah's Witnesses reject the view of a living, conscious soul after death.
Postmodernism describes movements which both arise from, and react against or reject, trends in modernism.
Kerry stated afterward: "We flatly reject this illegal effort to further divide Ukraine.
As verses 15-19 reject any familial ties between God and the angels.
He has done this again and we again reject his allegations.
It is a pretext, so be it, but a pretext which we should not reject.
Panchali tries to reject his advances but Keechaka presses on.
They look down upon Ron and his friends and reject their mother for this socially unacceptable arrangement.
We cannot reject you, for you are the sons and daughters of God.
The Parliament has no power to reject or amend the final determination of the augmented Electoral Commission.
Although he received the crown, he didn't reject his former attribute of authority.
He traced the history of those who reject the doctrine of the Trinity, and believe in One Supreme God.
However, the Holy See can reject the list in its entirety and appoint someone not proposed by the chapter.
Because Buddhists also reject agenthood, the traditional compatibilist strategies are closed to them as well.
If the bill is modified, the house of origin must vote to accept or reject amendments by the opposite house.
Some Green candidates in the elections reject classification as "left" or "right".
Believers reject such notions; as one wrote in 1994, "It is not conspiracy theory, not paranoid myth, not Rambo fantasy.
Historians reject the claim and note that Harding in fact publicly fought and spoke against the Klan.
Thus Parliament has the legal power to accept or reject any proposal but no legal mechanism exists for proposing amendments.
In 2002, IGN released an article stating that Animal Leader's development had shifted to the GameCube console.
Also, the characters do not suffer from fear of creatures as they do in the console versions.
It is the first of the entire series to not be released exclusively for a PlayStation console.
The MorphOS Shell is an example of Z shell mixed with the KingCON console handler.
The Hi-N-Lo range selection was still performed using a shift lever on the console.
Contrary to rumour, there is no nude code in any console version of the game.
Ghost 6.0, released in 2000, includes a management console for managing large numbers of machines.
The MSX2 version was also re-released in Japan as a digital download for mobile phones and the Wii Virtual Console.
But that doesn't mean that you should throw away your console tomorrow.
Though powerful for its time, the CRAY XMS only had half the processing power of Microsoft's original Xbox gaming console.
The PlayStation Link Cable (SCPH-1040) is a peripheral cable for the PlayStation console.
It was originally released for the Atari 8-bit family and the Atari 5200 games console.
The company started by producing a few titles for the Sharp X68000 system, and then for other console systems.
Famitsu stated that all the 35 console characters, plus all the systems, would be on the 3DS release.
The Tapwave Zodiac Console Now ShippingTapwave Discontinues Zodiac BusinessNow closed.
Valve formally announced that it was considering developing a video game console near the end of 2012.
His father uses his wisdom of experience to console him.
If the console freezes occasionally, the error will not necessarily follow.
Under Microsoft Windows XP, SpeedStep support is built into the power management console under the control panel.
The Nintendo 2DS is a handheld game console developed by Nintendo.
Nintendo designed the 10NES lock-out system to prevent unauthorized games from running on its video game console, the NES.
Digger T. Rock is also the first Rare game released for a Nintendo console.
The Neve replaced the last SSL G series console which was sold to Charles Allin, Owner of Montana Recording Studio.
Newell saw Sony's publication model as more open, allowing Steam-like features to be used on the console.
Disney commissioned N-Space to develop a series of multiplayer games based on Tron: Legacy for the Wii console.
But there was no way to interface a game console or joystick to the Altair.
The Game Boy Color release features entirely different game play from its console and PC counterparts.
The PlayStation Multitap is a peripheral for the PlayStation console.
This allows for greater flexibility in placement of the console for various activities.
Criticism was brought to the controls on the console ports.
After the announcement, several journalists classified the system as the first eighth generation home console.
Mixing was done on a Mackie mixing console.
The organ console itself was moved in a general redevelopment of the church in 1995.
Popular Korean actor Jang Dong-gun and Ahn Sung-ki has been enlisted to help promote the console.
The planet Nintendu 64 is a reference to the game console Nintendo 64.
The facility represented a console system supported by 58 pylons.
It's the only console game in the series to lack a multiplayer mode.
Bombarded with gunfire, the Slayer runs behind a computer console for cover.
Monkey Magic (モンキーマジック) is a video game developed by Electro Source and published by Atari on the PlayStation console.
PC gaming remained popular throughout the decade, but was in an overall decline as console graphics technically advanced.
The console was also panned for missing certain promised features on-launch, such as Upload Studio, game streaming, and certain apps/services.
In 1988, the company released the Logic 1; it was the first dynamically configurable, fully automated digital mixing console.
This version is used by XNA Framework to run managed games on the console.
The console also features high definition (HD), Internet access, and allows running Windows games.
The Nintendo 3DS uses the HOME Menu and Nintendo eShop to access and purchase Virtual Console titles, respectively.
This is the first game in the series to be released on console, specifically Xbox 360.
It is the first gaming console to allow 3D viewing without the need for 3D glasses or an equivalent.
For concerts, this console may be moved to the front of the chancel in full view of the audience.
Comm100 Live Chat consists of 3 parts: web chat window, operator console and control panel.
The console launched in the United States with a line-up of eight titles, including Trailblazer.
In 2006, Sony cut the cost of the console in anticipation of the release of the PlayStation 3.
The Eucalyptus User Console provides an interface for users to self-service provision and configure compute, network, and storage resources.
According to Roberts, it was inspired by console action-adventures, particularly The Legend of Zelda.
Console or switchboard allows the operator to control incoming calls.
The original GameKing console is a 8-bit handheld game console.
The console had a built-in RF modulator, as well as audio-video RCA connectors.
The game's release has been regarded as important in the history of the console RPG.
Wii Speak is a microphone accessory for Nintendo's Wii video game console.
The mayor (or console) was alternately appointed during five years by Intragna, then by one provided by Golini and Verdasio.
She then goes to a back room, revealing Ashildr and the TARDIS console.
Prior to the Vectrex's discontinuation, a successor console with a color screen had been planned.
Regular mentions are various iterations of Madden, various games from The Sims series, console bundles, and, surprisingly, Nancy Drew games.
The levels differ between the different console versions.
The console is shaped just like a tower PC and was meant to be similarly upgradeable.
The Bonus Edit mode adds songs from 3rdMix that were excluded from the previous console port.
It received Gamasutra's award for Best Downloadable Console Game for 2010.
In 2002, the game was awarded "Console Racing Game of the Year" at the 6th Annual Interactive Achievement Awards.
In addition to this, the swell to great coupler was changed and detail to the console was added.
Mallrats shows the character Brodie (Jason Lee) playing an ice hockey game on the Sega Genesis game console.
Controls at the console called stops select which ranks and pipes are used.
The Liquid Crystal Display on the console displays measured and calculated data.
The dignitaries at the court of King Kavus try to console her.
The BGM is completed with tracks with noticeable console-RPG style.
It was developed by Game Freak and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld game console.
The shareware version of a console port for the Dreamcast was also released.
The fitting of a foglight switch to one of the center console dummy switches.
It was published on the Wii U Virtual Console on October 16, 2014, in North America.
The vertical stand is attached to the PlayStation 2 console to allow it to stand vertically.
Self-XSS operates by tricking users into copying and pasting malicious content into their browsers' web developer console.
Inserting the game in a Game Boy Advance unlocked a console-exclusive world with three new levels.
The Walker console was removed in 1999 when Andrew Carter installed a replacement 5 manual drawstop console built by Nicholson.
It can be run from command line in console.
The next-gen console versions are better equipped to handle these updates due to their extra processing power.
Tram cars can be used autonomously as well as in multiple units, controlled from single console.
Later, when they both decide play with the console, the TV opens into portal and sucks them into the game.
GamesRadar listed Pokémon Pinball as one of the titles they want in the 3DS Virtual Console.
The console versions feature clips from the film, which play before and after each level.
Created by Michelle Sternberger in 2005, she makes music using 8-bit computers and video game console sound chips.
The plot of the PC game differs drastically from the main console versions.
The arcade version debuted on the Wii Virtual Console in Japan on April 27, 2010.
Watching Jimmy Nelson's Nestle commercials on television piqued his interest in the art form.
Customers who bought the recalled products were refunded by contacting Nestle Consumer Service.
The Buxton Mineral Water Company (owned by Nestle) extracts and bottles mineral waters in Buxton.
Ancient castles nestle on lonely hills, the most famous being the magnificent Loarre Castle.
In later editions, Nestle began noting the attestation of certain important manuscripts in his apparatus.
There are clumps of palm and fruit trees in which village homesteads nestle.
They then fly into their pods, nestle themselves inside, and retract their heads.
In 1933, Shutta was featured on the Nestle Chocolateers program.
In 2013, a student won the Nestle Very Best in Youth Award, 1 of 18 winners from around the country.
Company also works with global names such as Nestle, Mercedes-Benz, Apple Inc., Samsung, Microsoft and BP.
It formed a joint venture with Nestle Skin Health in 2016 whereby Nestle now manages Proactiv.
The following season, Petrov won gold at the 2011 Mentor Nestle Nequik Cup, his first international gold medal.
He also serves on the boards of GVK, Nestle India and Patni Computers.
The town has a Nestle Research & Development factory with a working force of over 500 employees.
The Archives debuted in 1974 and were housed in the pantry of an Upper West Side apartment belonging to Nestle.
According to a SWOT analysis by Marketline, Beneful is one of Nestle Purina's more significant brands by revenue.
Disney also worked with Nestle to create Tarzan themed candies, including a banana-flavored chocolate bar.
In 2004, Brock appeared in a Nestle print advertisement while 8 months pregnant with her first child.
Russky Produkt's largest international competitors are Nestle, Kraft Foods, Unilever and Mars Incorporated.
Numerous villages nestle in the deep valleys and behind the vineyards along the river banks.
The loggerhead sea turtle is known to nestle here.
Community partnerships have been formed with the City of Pasadena, the Junior League of Pasadena, Nestle Corporation, and others.
The US-parent company was bought by Nestle in 1985, after which a decline in the facility began.
Amongst the major companies operating in the town are Nestle and Agco (Massey Ferguson).
Nestle Japan introduces new oven bake version of the 2-fingered classic and restaurants have used a bit of initiative".
Bestor's orchestra also provided the music for the Nestle Chocolateers program in 1933.
Bar One cereal- manufactured by Nestle for the South African market.
The buildings of Apraksin Dvor nestle between Sadovaya Street and the Fontanka River, just southwest of the Alexandrinsky Theatre.
The company eventually fell on hard times and the brand names were sold to Nestle in the early 1980s.
The milk is collected by various milk reprocessing companies like Nestle, Chaudhry Dairies Limited, Mubarak Dairies.
Nestle Waters of North American, completed their bottled water facility in 2016, creating 27 jobs in McBee.
Swiss confectioner, Henry Nestle, added milk to his chocolate recipe to reduce the bitterness of the cocoa.
When Nestle decided to invest in an intranet, they quickly realized the savings.
Before that, he worked for Reebok, Nestle Foods and the E & J Gallo Winery.
Paras has also done many commercial ads with MTV, Tata, Nestle Eclairs before his debut in acting.
Niagara Falls voted to stop selling bottled water at city facilities, despite last-minute lobbying efforts from Nestle Waters Canada.
The Clinton board of selectmen rejected the Nestle proposal in the spring of 2008.
Nestle replaced it with "Milo" brownie, caramel and Milo balls.
She has studied for an MBA and worked with Nestle as manager.
Positive and negative, charred and pristine, ripeness and decay all nestle together.
On electron microscopy, subepithelial deposits that nestle against the glomerular basement membrane seems to be the cause of the thickening.
The rustic stone buildings nestle in terraces on a mountain-side with a Holly Oak and cypress grove.
MJB was acquired by Nestle in 1985.
She then spent most of the 1980s at Nestle USA, where she held senior marketing and sales positions.
In Canada, Nestle continues to sell Turtles at retailers under the Nestle brand name.
Bhangalan is equipped with its own municipal water supply, reverse osmosis plant, and a Nestle Dairy.
Richard LaMotta, inventor of Chipwich ice cream sandwich, co-founder of Chipwich Inc., later sold to CoolBrands, and then Dreyer's (Nestle).
Two of her daughters are also doctors, whilst her third works in marketing for Nestle.
In recent years, her songs have been sync'd by Special K, Nestle, Tesco, Oral B, Amazon, Aqua Fresh, and others.
The buildings nestle among lilacs, a domestic flowering shrub favored by the founder of Colorado Springs, General William Jackson Palmer.
Nestle, through the network of its milk collection centers spread all over the Punjab province, collects milk from 140,000 farmers.
Following this optimistic news, the executive vice president of Nestle expressed his high hopes in the future growth of DiGiorno.
She has appeared in print campaigns with Fair and Lovely, Nestle Munch, Satya Paul and a TVC for 7 UP.
The UV building was designed to nestle within the embankment of the existing service reservoir.
In February, 2016, Nestle announced that it was ending its IAAF sponsorship.
In 2002 Givaudan acquired FIS, the flavors division of Nestle, for which Nestle received a 10% stake in the company.
The Nestle 200 was held April 27 at Lanier Raceway.
The first capillaries that the emboli encounter where they can nestle themselves are the pulmonary capillaries.
Nestle officials responded by giving a progress report on their intentions for transparency with labeling their water sources and locations.
Major chocolate producers, such as Nestle, buy cocoa at commodities exchanges where Ivorian cocoa is mixed with other cocoa.
Nestle later acquired the company and closed this plant.
The plant bottles Arrowhead spring water as well as purified water sold under the brand Nestle Pure Life.
Kraft withdrew its sponsorship on September 26, 1993, with Nestle taking its place.
Soon after, the firm landed the account to redesign the Nestle brand in Canada.
As a director, Kaufman worked with such clients as Budweiser with the Goodby ad, McDonald's, Nestle, Walmart and Comcast.
He was responsible for the cross-discipline servicing of multinational accounts like L'Oreal, GM, Unilever and Nestle.
As Mo's odd possessions nestle their way into Charlotte's everyday existence, she becomes more challenging and rebellious.
Towards the sound side sea grasses, Yucca Aloifolia and Wax Myrtles nestle.
ConAgra acquired David & Sons from Nestle USA in December 2001.
Chokito was also originally marketed by Nestle South Africa in the late 1960s but then withdrawn in the early 1980s.
Hills Bros. bought the company in 1984; Nestle became the new parent in 1985.
Nestle Products Are Banned by FSA"UK groups endorsing the boycott".
Numerous similar low-rise offices nestle in the parkland and around the pools of Festival Park.
Don Watt was the first designer to use photosymbolism on packaging, for Nestle Instant Coffee.
He counseled CEOs of companies including Procter & Gamble, PepsiCo, Nestle, IHOP and Boston Market.
The client list for Bassford's advertising art includes Disney, General Electric, IBM, Nestle, People's Bank and Waldenbooks.
In May 2014, Nestle Purina Petcare began a legal dispute with Blue Buffalo regarding its advertising practices.
Frightened, Rebecca repeatedly asks Noah about the mark, only for him to refuse to answer her.
After some days, she decides to tell what the stranger has proposed, trusting that they will refuse.
Jarnail decides to refuse the marriage proposal on Aman's behalf, and tells his friend,Baljit.
Some programs, however, attempt to discover such disk image emulators and will refuse to work if one is found.
He has also backed legislation allowing pharmacists to refuse to dispense emergency contraception.
The Network offers them eternal youth by becoming androids, but they refuse.
This helps draw the attention of wealthy traveler William Hawkins, who attempts to purchase Tom from his caretakers, who refuse.
Today, it is a common fixture at refuse dumps both along coasts and relatively far inland.
Marge decides to refuse to pay any money to the mafia and to go on making pretzels.
Begum asks them to sell their house but they bluntly refuse.
The creditors gather together and go to Jack's office to demand repayment and refuse to leave until they are paid.
Pyrolysis is used as a form of thermal treatment to reduce waste volumes of domestic refuse.
But they refuse to sell it so Ulaganathan's henchmen kill Kumarasamy.
Both of them refuse to believe this and decide not to tell Rajiv that they know about Sharavathi.
Following her parents' conversion, Vicki became even more rebellious and continued to refuse to convert.
They refuse to make known to the Relief Committee the number of sick among them.
In eastern Jordan, its main sources of food are feral horse and water buffalo carcasses and village refuse.
The only people who refuse to play it are Hubert Lane and his gang (they are the Outlaws enemies).
Both refuse to act on their feelings, and try to keep their relationship professional.
One example is London, which from Roman times disposed of its refuse outside the London Wall beside the River Thames.
Teachers, likewise, have the right to refuse to pay union fees when they are allocated to objectionable political purposes.
He tries to contact his parents but they refuse to help him.
Wastes in Hong Kong are first collected from disposal bins to refuse transfer stations (RTS).
They escape together, but the 2003 Turtles find the 1987 team childish as they refuse talk until lunch.
You refuse to betray Chu because you think that Han is weak.
On the wedding of her second marriage, she pronounced that if one "wants a divorce, the other must not refuse".
It is 'The Right to Refuse to Kill'."
For example, many Chinese employers and universities refuse to accept anyone who tests positive.
They soon become bored of him but refuse to let him go.
Back on Earth, both Leelas refuse to talk to Fry because of the "freakiness" of the situation.
On reaching the destination planet, the Tripborn refuse to leave the ship.
On October 17, the single "An Offer He Can't Refuse", and a series of samples from the album were released.
Sometimes, the game will refuse a sale, or will refuse to dispense more cash.
However, they refuse to serve light beer, deigning that as "unfit for human consumption."
Following the closure of the Portrack plant, a new facility to burn Teesside's refuse was constructed.
Herc and Officer Anthony Colicchio refuse to help Sergeant Ellis Carver.
Many believe they have been fundamentally contaminated for life and may refuse to have children for fear of birth defects.
This decision coincided with changing the bank's strategy to refuse risky and unpromising assets.
This review refutes the commonly held belief that all Jehovah's Witnesses refuse to accept blood or any of its products.
She tells him to call the IRT, but they refuse to give Chip her address or phone number.
We didn't refuse to take part because of any principles.
The monks refuse to capitulate so Tong orders Shaolin to be burnt down.
Careful excavation in these places may reveal post holes and hut foundations, as well as refuse disposal areas.
Production of equipment for recovery of building refuse.
In the late 1940s college administrators across the country began to refuse expansion to fraternities which restrictive rules on membership.
She could not refuse anyone who appealed for financial help, whether deserving or not.
Refuse to Bend was retired at the end of the 2004 racing season.
However, in some cases the court may refuse to permit a defense witness to testify.
In contrast to Macartney, Isaac Titsingh, the Dutch and VOC emissary in 1795 did not refuse to kowtow.
In the Ethiopian Highlands, bearded vultures have adapted to living largely off human refuse.
Hypoglycemic cats that refuse to eat can be force-fed honey or corn syrup until they stabilize.
Recently, "Refuse/Resist" was recorded in the studio and released like bonus track in their seventh album, Omen.
He was one of the few Imperial princes to refuse a military commission, remaining a civilian all his life.
Air France said it would "refuse to embark any passenger not admissible by Israel", citing as justification the Chicago Convention.
Some subdivisions may conduct autonomous security, or provide basic services such as water and refuse management.
In retaliation the strikers threatened to refuse to return when they are called back.
He said in an interview for Vibe at the time, "I refuse to re-record it-that defeats the purpose.
However, South Garland High School and the GISD refuse to recognize the flag.
They included a bread factory producing wholesome, affordable bread, and a refuse collection service.
Upon his entry into the city, he convinced her to refuse it and thus disempowered Oberto and Amadeo.
They chose to do this rather than to refuse, which would have caused a war-like situation in their town.
In spite of these evidences, a significant proportion of Valencian population refuse to identify Valencian with Catalan.
One day who refuse to recognize him.
His teacher notices, and tells his parents who refuse to believe it.
Jaquino once again begs Marzelline to marry him, but she continues to refuse.
When the Reunciates refuse, a fight ensues.
They think in simple slogans and refuse to tolerate any ideological dissent.
Technical names include waste collection vehicle and refuse collection vehicle.
Godfather' is the offer you can't refuse.
The men refuse to continue work until they are paid.
Hambledon Rural District Council used Baynards Tunnel as a refuse tip by after the line's closure.
Most of the time we refuse to put our name on the games, not even staff names."
Did Pauly Shore refuse to return your calls?"
But if she prefers to remain in these parts, she is my sister, and I refuse to expel her."
The University of Oxford extends no official recognition to the club, and many local restaurants refuse to host its events.
When the children's families come to collect them, they refuse to come down — wishing they could stay.
Today, several of the Korku speakers refuse to acknowledge the Nihali language.
Vista does not degrade or refuse to play any existing media, CDs or DVDs.
His opposition to the House of Savoy made him refuse all honours, including a seat in the Senate.
Dumping refuse and household waste inappropriately and/or illegally incurs a heavy fine.
The current administration of Celtic's female section pointedly refuse to describe themselves as "Celtic Ladies" or "Celtic Women".
The APD patrol officer who rescued Paulson is outraged that the detectives refuse to pursue Hansen.
One concern is that many Korean migrants refuse to fully assimilate.
Sinn Féin, as an Irish republican party, refuse to take their seats at Westminster (see abstentionism).
We accept Edward of England and refuse Urban of Rome".
Kuratov offers the Guardians to join him, but they refuse.
Offer You Can't Refuse is an EP album by American rapper Kool G Rap, released independently on February 2, 2011.
The Afghan Interim Government and most major commanders will refuse direct negotiations with Najibullah, but indirect negotiations are possible.
No longer would it refuse to employ people because they are gay.
The lyrics of "Refuse/Resist" mention "tanks on the streets, confronting police, bleeding the plebs."
The Manchester Guardian's review of her show read:.
He was educated at Eton and Balliol College, Oxford, where he read history.
When he turned 110, Koide could still read newspapers without Eye glasses and could eat without dentures.
Years later he observed, "My parents never read a book.
Jobs and input data were read in from cards or paper tape to an input well on disk or tape.
To read the story online go to Project Gutenberg.
Drivers and devices that do obey a read-only indication may give the user a way to override it.
During his first audition, Daggs read four scenes from the pilot.
She attended Downe House School, and read English at Christ Church, Oxford.
Acts was read as a reliable history of the early church well into the post-Reformation era.
We want to read out the phenotypes."
The AGC had a 16-bit read bus and a 16-bit write bus.
Although its labels read 1879, the Aberlour distillery was first founded in 1826 by James Gordon and Peter Weir.
In addition, she stated that the book was easy to follow for those that had not read the first.
He re-read all the stories published up to that time and even learned to play the violin.
Though the actor did not read the piece, he heard about it and was unmoved.
Ferenc, unlike his wife, could barely read and write in his mother tongue.
Time magazine's Richard Schickel wrote, "In Fletch, the quick, smartly paced, gags somehow read as signs of vulnerability.
The Netto variometer will always read zero in still air.
All the File I/O verbs such as READ, WRITE, DELETE, etc.
The sign was made by Radcliffe's husband and read 'EPO Cheats Out'.
Jimmy suggests you read his book, "GO GET 'EM, TIGER".
He read lectures on Physics, Physical Optics, Lighting, Photometry, Colometry, etc.
First year students also read short newscasts on KTCV.
Not all email applications or services support read receipts, and users can generally disable the functionality if they so wish.
This failed to work, with Readers refusing to read, and the old system of legal education completely died out.
And I hadn't thought about doing television, but when I read it, it kind of changed everything for me.
In Japanese, the kanji for the city's name are normally read as Kitatani (北谷).
The book is also available in an audiobook adaptation read by James Doohan and Leonard Nimoy.
Once he got the script, he read it straight through until 3:00 am.
TIME Magazine recommended it as "an engrossing read best consumed in as few sittings as possible."
He also read only critical feedback from listeners without interjecting any commentary of his own.
It read (paraphrased): "Thank you for the wonderful display of aerobatics by three of your pilots.
The whimsical story centered on Paula, a 12-year-old girl too busy watching TV and playing video games to read books.
After he read Connolly's letter aloud, the assembly declared war against the Indians.
According to Gottlieb, Quint was loosely based on Mundus, whose book Sportfishing for Sharks he read for research.
Lewis went on to read government and law at the London School of Economics.
CVIPtools can read many image formats including TIFF, PNG, GIF, JPEG, BMP, as well as raw formats.
He is the author of original treatises of metaphysics, which Descartes would later read.
The majority are read by David Tennant, save one read by Michelle Ryan and two by Catherine Tate.
Current DNA sequencing technologies, including NGS, are limited on the basis that genomes are much larger than any read length.
Read the Powerful Letter a Sexual Assault Victim Wrote to Her Attacker.
He became a communist out of conviction, later telling an interviewer: "I also read the Marxist classics.
In her spare time Gomez went out into the local villages and taught the peasant women how to read.
It now read 'Haldimand House B. Brittons'.
There is also a client/guest mode which works like a read-only mode.
10b is defined to mean break on IO read or write but no hardware supports it.
The teacher would then read the first word of each pair and read four possible answers.
TPMmuckraker has attempted to organize its readers to plow through and read document dumps by governmental entities engaging in cover-ups.
Some skills can only be taken by certain classes, such as Read Lips or Animal Empathy.
Despite being currently under development, it can read most parts of DWG files from version R13 up to 2004.
He could also read not only Arabic and Coptic, but Zulu and Hawaiian.
Zebra Katz is the stage name of Ojay Morgan, an American rapper best known for his 2012 single "Ima Read".
He read works by Condillac, Voltaire, Rousseau, Montesquieu and Bézout among others during his séjour in France.
Every Ethernet network controller has a unique 48-bit serial number called a MAC address, which is stored in read-only memory.
It was a terrific, riveting, really fast read and really exciting and really horrifying, but managed to be really touching.
Some preloaded drives are read-only, while others are configured with both read-only and user-writable segments.
The Poems are simple to read and easy to comprehend.
She is the co-author of How Not To Write A Novel (2008) and Read This Next (2010).
Antony and Cleopatra can be read as a rewrite of Virgil's epic, with the sexual roles reversed and sometimes inverted.
She also read much and especially books on Eastern philosophies were important to her.
The young Armine, then sixteen years old, asked London to read some of her stories and give his opinion.
This eulogy was read to the Société philotechnique.
In his day, however, he was much read in Serbia and Imperial Russia.
For details on the chunk structure and how to read them, see Interchange File Format (IFF).
Some ecclesias (individual churches) read the allotted chapters of the Bible as found in the companion during their Sunday services.
For whatever reason, MIT audiences would spontaneously read the announcements aloud, in unison.
After completing his studies, Meselson spent half a year traveling in Europe where he predominately read and made friends.
Breault developed an interest in science fiction and fantasy early in his childhood, and read The Hobbit at age eight.
The nominated books are then given to jury members who can read both official languages for equal consideration.
This works well unless the user is wearing gloves or anything that the touch surface cannot "read".
Dictation is read into the database and the program continuously "learns" the spoken words and phrases.
Former Federal Board vice chair Blinder called it a "crackling read.
Hence, circulation numbers offer only a small glimpse into how many people actually read such publications.
The proprietary GD-ROM format used in the system cannot be read using standard PC hardware (CD/DVD drives).
She explained in an interview that Jesus tops her hero list and the last book she read was the Bible.
Seismograms are read from left to right.
IGN rated in 7.0 out of 10, calling it "a fine read that has its problems.
So you can read into that what you want!"
The audio drama format exists side-by-side with books presented on radio, read by actors or by the author.
This memory can be read or written, one block at a time, via a non-contacting passive 13.56 MHz RF interface.
Even as a child he loved to read, and became familiar with many of the great European works.
The Old Testament is read once in the year, and the New Testament is read twice.
He suggested Merton read The Confessions of Augustine and The Imitation of Christ.
At a university symposium on January 15, 1976, Sarmiento read his editorial aloud to the audience.
He was taught by Henry Butter, a well-respected author who had written a much-read treatise on teaching spelling.
She does not read music and has had to compensate.
His translation received great praise, and is one of the translations still read by English speakers today.
The film tells the story of an illiterate man who bonds with an older, well-read woman.
She, like many critics about much of Angelou's poetry, says, "The poems work best read aloud".
In 1987, MicroStation 2.0 was released, and was the first version of MicroStation to read and write DGN files.
During the service, a passage from St John's Gospel was read by grandson Simon Shilston.
He was educated at Eton and Magdalene College, Cambridge where he read History (B.A. 1890; M.A. 1894).
Nevertheless, they are charged with favoring those who could read and write.
The bill passed the House and was scheduled to be read for a third time in the state Senate.
Christians do not read the Old Testament for its own sake but always with Christ and through Christ.
The co-pilot read out the corresponding information from the emergency checklist, before they continued the approach to land on Norne.
He almost flips out when asked to read and then it is discovered that he is illiterate.
This was an inspiring body of literature to read."
Issue 45, a special "long-read" edition, was £2.99.
In 2003 a CD was published with Charles Dickens' "A Christmas Carol" read by Wolfgang Thierse.
Lily presses him about how the novel ends, but he says she must read it herself.
According to the MST, it has taught over 50,000 landless workers to read and write between 2002 and 2005.
The articles were delivered to the Council in London and were probably read on 22 April 1543.
XML-based documents can be seamlessly read, edited and saved back to the original format without corruption.
In this video game, the character Jody often talks about Stephen Hawking, and loves to read his books.
It recently marked its 20th anniversary, and is read throughout the United States.
Born in Fairfield, New York, Marvin read law in 1834 and entered private practice in Phelps, New York in 1834.
Steffin first wrote Compu-Read as a text-based program while serving as a research analyst at UCLA.
The book has been compared to a contrasting book, Lessons in Disaster, which is widely read by military leaders.
It can, therefore, be read profitably if read critically."
Moore felt that having two people read the news distracted from the stories being told.
He enrolled in the English graduate program at Duke University, but never completed his Master's degree.
North is a 2003 graduate of Indiana University and currently resides in Manhattan Beach, California.
The university, with its 1903 teaching staff, offers courses to over 40,000 undergraduate, post graduate and doctorate students.
She is a graduate of the London School of Journalism.
She is a graduate of the University of Southern California.
Doug McIntyre is a graduate of Stonehill College.
The spokesperson (later spokespeople) were also selected by collaboration-wide vote, including graduate students.
He is a post graduate in LL.M., and M.C.J (Journalism) from Osmania University.
Molloy's student body numbers around 4,900 undergraduate, graduate and doctoral students.
The Officers Training Academy on the other hand provides a 49-week course to Graduate officer candidates.
He is a graduate of St.Joseph's College in Nainital.
Graduate programs require 12 and 14 as passing grades for Master's and Ph.D. level programs, respectively.
Templeton was a graduate of the University of Ulster at Jordanstown (B.A.), Queen's University of Belfast, (M.Th.
In 1979, the School of Professional Psychology was established at Ferkauf Graduate School.
At the time, he was just the second graduate of Central High School to graduate from a service academy.
He was a graduate of Paris University Medical School.
It has about 1,100 students enrolled in its undergraduate and graduate programs.
Norton is a graduate of the Universities of Miami and Chicago.
As President of the Economic Society, he joined in 1903 for the establishment of a Graduate School of Berlin.
Within 10 years, 83% of Pomona graduates attend graduate and/or professional school.
In 1961, he graduated from Stanford Graduate School of Business with an MBA.
Assistantships provide much needed experience for graduate students, increasing their future employment options.
King's room was photographed by production staff after a visit by Blatty, a Georgetown graduate, and Friedkin.
Besides this, he pursued graduate courses in law and mathematics in Bucharest.
His father was a member of a well-known family in County Limerick, and was a graduate of Trinity College, Dublin.
Chapin stayed on at the Met for four years, subsequently becoming Dean of Columbia University's Graduate School of the Arts.
Professor (John) Michael Clarke is a graduate of St Chad's College, Durham University.
She is a graduate of New Trier High School and the University of Kansas.
He received his Ph.D. degree in Political Science from the University of Santo Tomas Graduate School in Manila.
Some policy study experts graduate from public policy schools with public policy degrees.
Ellis, born in Spartanburg, South Carolina, is a 1969 graduate of the U.S. Naval Academy.
She did graduate work at Indiana University, where she earned her Ph.D. in English in 1969.
Grandhi Venkata Reddy Naidu received his graduate B.A., and law L.L.B., degrees from University of Madras.
Jason is also a graduate of the National Outdoor Leadership School.
Former Louisiana Secretary of State Al Ater was a graduate of the founding class.
Vaidas Sakalauskas is a graduate of the Faculty of History of the Vilnius Pedagogical University in 1994.
The graduate health course attracted considerable media attention, despite enrolling only three students.
Here, Evans was tasked with improving the department, including the initiation of a graduate program.
He graduated in 1984 and went on to graduate school at Berkeley, receiving his Ph.D. in 1989.
The graduate-entry school is located at the Royal Derby Hospital.
Upon graduation he was named graduate of the decade and ranked among the top 40 graduates in 40 years.
O'Meara is a graduate of American University.
Praveena is an English literature graduate from the University of Madras.
His sister is a graduate of Boston College.
He is a graduate of the United States Military Academy.
She then completed her graduate studies at the New York University Institute of Fine Arts in 1970.
In 1988, he went to Penn State, where he would work for the next 23 years, as a graduate assistant.
Graphmatica is a graphing program created by Keith Hertzer, a graduate of the University of California, Berkeley.
She is a graduate in fashion designing.
In 1949, he obtained a Master of Arts from Claremont Graduate University, also in California.
As a graduate student, he began a cello program for the Opus 118 Music Center in East Harlem.
The school has 88 doctoral students and 279 graduate students.
Post Graduate Diploma in Event Management (PGDEM)The institute also provide course on wedding management, sports management.
The institute offers several post graduate diplomas also.
Johnson is a 2008 graduate of Orange High School in Orange, California and was coached by Pete Tavoularis.
She is a post graduate in Biochemistry and did her Bachelor's degree in Law.
Another Boys High graduate remembered that "I went to Boys High School in Brooklyn, a great school.
He attended Princeton University as an undergraduate and remained there for graduate work, receiving his Ph.D. in 1937.
Graduate students can earn a master of science or doctoral degree.
Harding of Memphis Graduate School Bulletin 13.8 (Nov. 1974): 4.
Wojciech is a graduate of history of John Paul II Catholic University of Lublin.
Snyder (born 23 November 1958) is a Civil Engineering graduate from the University of Waterloo.
During this period he also wrote his Ph.D. thesis (completed in 1949), despite having never taken any graduate math courses.
To graduate with an associate degree, students must earn 63 credit hours in select fields mandated by Navarro College.
The tuition varies depending on undergraduate (lower and upper level division) and graduate students.
She is a graduate of the Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts stage school.
In Reichenbach, it was John Hagnus, a graduate of the University of Wittenberg, the Protestant Church to enforce order.
By the time aerial activity over the North resumed, most Navy squadrons had a Topgun graduate.
His areas of interests are advanced Architectural Design, architectural theory, and graduate design.
As an engineering graduate, Sharer served in the navy from 1971 through 1978.
Haight graduated as a lawyer from Yale Graduate in 1892.
She began her graduate studies in 1974 at the University of Colorado at Boulder.
She did graduate work on strategic and international studies at Oxford University.
In 2003, he was made an honorary graduate of the University of Essex.
He served as a graduate assistant coach there, where he coached wide receivers and defensive backs.
Lastly Colchester House located on the Brookline campus, houses 25 graduate and undergraduate upperclassman students.
During this series, she is a New York University graduate student in art history, specializing in Medieval European art.
She did her Graduate work at Adelphi University and Queens College.
He studied law in the graduate studies at the Law Faculty of Vilnius University.
An Annapolis graduate and expert marksman, Captain Tomb had a distinguished naval career.
He studied civil engineering at graduate level.
She's taught graduate level courses in Mediation, Conflict Resolution, and Family Law.
He was awarded the Army Ranger tab and was the class Distinguished Honor Graduate.
Graduate students spend a month training in Moscow, while the undergraduates participate in a semester-long program.
First Three Graduate Nurses of the Philippines (The News Today) Retrieved December 29, 2015.
Xu traveled to the US in 1948, where he attended the graduate school of the Washington University in St. Louis.
She is a graduate of the University of Texas, where she received her Master's Degree from the Department of Radio-Television-Film.
In 1970 he received a master of arts in teaching,from the Harvard Graduate School of Education.
She is also a graduate of Fordham Law School.
NIFM provides ICAS officers Post Graduate Diploma in Public Financial Management.
Another, his first cousin, Frederick August I, became Duke of Oldenburg in 1774.
The school has 180 instructional days, beginning on the last Monday of August Until the Fourth Thursday of May.
In August of that year they played their first show at Hypefest.
August19 August:Taliban forces kill 9 French troops (with a 10th death in an accident) near Kabul.
The North American leg began in August.
The August Town Formation is a geologic formation in Jamaica.
March to Fairfax Court House August 28-31.
It was founded in 1885 by master builder August Mayer.
The letter was witnessed by the four envoys and dated in August 661.
Starting in August, 1973, the first video recordings were broadcast, which made 70 percent of the programmes in 1978.
In early August, Sabato predicted a pro-Democratic shift of 12-15 seats in the House.
However, in early August, following the training camp, he got cut as the team began its pre-tournament friendlies.
It was played for the first time in August/September 2013 at the Sycamore Hills Golf Club in Fort Wayne, Indiana.
Beginning in June, the group headlined its first unnamed national tour, that would last until August.
It reaches its greatest size between April and August and can be good in October and November.
August attended Yale University from which he received his bachelor's degree.
In August, the channel was eliminated without any reason given.
During the first part of August she made stops in Toronto, Quebec, and Halifax.
Adults are on wing from July to early August.
Tinted Windows played concerts in the US in June, August and September 2009, and in Japan in January 2010.
The Ballarat Football League season normally commences in early April with the regular season matches finishing in August.
Georg Albrecht's older brother, Hereditary Margrave Erdmann August, died in 1651, four years before the death of their father.
The letter has also been regarded as a call to arms on the eve of the August Coup.
It appeared ahead of their second album, Face to Face, in August, which peaked at No.
The family was musical, and the young August learnt to play the flute in the family's informal ensemble.
By August, wells, water pumps and water supplies had begun to run completely dry.
The BEF prepared to commence operations in Flanders and join with British forces, which had been in Belgium since August.
In August, German Stellungsdivisionen had two regiments of three battalions each forward, with the third regiment in reserve.
In August, Thomson apologized for robocalling voters at 1 in the morning.
That August, Studio Ghibli set up its headquarters in Koganei, Tokyo.
August 1936: 2077 clergymen murdered, more than 70 a day.
Adult specimens can be found from June to August.
There are two generations per year with adults on wing from May to June and again in August.
In August, they were slotted to play on Friday when all the folk-orientated and acoustic acts were expected to perform.
On June 16, 2009, it was announced that Beneficial would stop writing new policies at the end of August.
The tournament took place in Indianapolis, Indiana from August 4-12.
Mating may occur during July or more August, where juveniles can be seen from October to January.
Later in August he made his Youth Test début against the same opposition.
The first festival started on August, 23rd, 2007 and lasted until September, 9th, 2007.
It was announced on June 5, 2015, that Hyuna would come back around August with a new album.
In response to Operation Gibraltar, 5/4 GR for much of August 65 was deployed on counter infiltration tasks.
Its flight period is from late May to early August.
The order's current head is Ernst August Prinz von Hanover, head of the house of Hanover.
He was also selected in the Bangladesh national squad tour to Australia in August and September 2008.
In July and August, Beagle took part in the Scheldt operations.
Music for the film will be given by Tru-Skool and shooting of the movie starts August onwards in Canada.
The company launched its flagship store in Waterloo, Ontario in August, 2014.
The RE had been authorized 134 bomb disposal sections by July 1940 and 220 by August.
Adults are on wing from July to August.
The moth flies from June to August, depending on the location.
In the months of June, July, and August, the thermometers get to show negative temperatures, and it can snow.
May Nusku, the august vizier, hear my prayer and intercede for me.
Elizabeth Tilley was born in Henlow, Bedfordshire, England where she was baptized in August, 1607.
In August, somewhat to everyone's shock, the Army rejected all three competitors.
She went to Bombay in April 1919 and returned to Britain before returning to Australia in August.
In August of that same year, the Portuguese Ministry of Culture classified the estate as "public interest property".
The train and carousel operate weekends only in April and September and daily from May through August.
In August, 2009, plans were announced to convert the facility into a school.
Carus died in July or early August of 283, possibly due to a strike of lightning.
Peak birding season is August to October.
They have also sponsored a three-day gaming festival called the Penny Arcade Expo every August since 2004.
World War I started on 28 July 1914 and in August of that year No.2 squadron moved to France.
Nadia (Shannon Elizabeth) is coming to visit Jim in August.
The army was disbanded in August; most of the formation was used to create the Poznan Military District.
Bea finished the tour in late August.
In August Baglioni was at the siege of Mahdia with Giordano Orsini.
The eventful life of August Stauch, 2007, ISBN 978-3-936858-02-0W. Bredow, H. Lotz, A. Stauch:The German diamonds and their recovery.
In August he completed a test for the BMW Motorsport DTM team with a BMW M4 DTM.
In August Kenya visited Canada in King City.
He was the son of Mary (née Saxton) and Frederick August Attenborough of Stapleford in Nottinghamshire.
Lauren starred in the new musical Vanities at the Pasadena Playhouse, in California from August to September 2008.
These animals feed on the seeds from late August to early April.
Instead, Grover Robbins, an entrepreneur from Blowing Rock, North Carolina, purchased Autry's option and bought the locomotive in August, 1956.
Though the actual celebration is in October, an August celebration is held for tourist reasons.
The August Offensive failed to halt the Volunteer Army's advance, and the Don Army captured Voronezh.
Adults are on wing from August to November and from February to April in two main generations.
These camps are only offered from August to May.
He suffered a hamstring injury in August and a shoulder injury in September.
Once the due planning had been carried out it was decided to begin the operation in August.
In July 2009 Sono stated that filming (in Norway) would begin in August or September and end in December.
The Machynlleth Festival takes place in the Auditorium of The Tabernacle, Machynlleth, United Kingdom in late August every year.
It trained at various airfields in the San Joaquin Valley and was ready to deploy into combat by August.
They did, however, perform at Wakestock Music Festival in August and Rifflandia in September.
In 1997-1999 the actions WZZ "August - 80" became even more radical.
Because of the 1991 August Putsch in Moscow, the Communist Party was prohibited in Ukraine.
After two weeks of intense activity during August, the Anne Beadell Highway reached Neale Junction.
Precipitation is abundant throughout the year, with particularly heavy rainfall in May, June, August and September.
The station is named after August von Gneisenau, a 19th-century Prussian Generalfeldmarschall.
At the court, the Doctor tries to tell Federico that the energy fragment could spell the end of the world.
It is the largest surviving fragment of the habitat of the old Finchley Common.
The island, like the Falkland Islands, is a fragment of some greater land-mass now vanished.
Even in the same bioptic fragment, different degrees of damage may be present.
This fragment cannot be clearly attributed to a specific wall of the mastaba either.
Thus, he restricted the remains to be considered Technosaurus to the second lower jaw piece, a posterior fragment.
The title came from a fragment Bryan Adams and Jim Vallance wrote in late 1980s.
For example, it has been reported that Taurine significantly increases the yield of in vitro refolding for Fab fragment antibodies.
RI-1077 is the only site at which a marine shell fragment was found.
Cognos is a fragment scissored off the Latin word "cognosco," which means "knowledge from personal experience".
The measurements of the fragment are 220 by 243 mm.
The tests were performed on two femur fragments, HohleFels10 and HohleFels49, and a cranial fragment, HohleFels79.
New Caledonia was an ancient fragment of the supercontinent Gondwana.
Its Fab fragment was crystallized in complex with the ED3 domains of DENV1, DENV3 and DENV4.
The measurements of the fragment are 232 by 183 mm.
Most of the Chatham Island economy is based on fishing and crayfishing, with only a fragment of in adventure tourism.
Note that side chains are typically not modeled using the fragment library approach.
Unfortunately, only a fragment of one of these has survived, within the farmyard at Camusterrach, south of Applecross village.
In the 2099 universe, Spider-Man confronts Vulture who uses a fragment so his wings could shoot bullets.
In one fragment someone encourages Waldere to go on fighting.
It also acknowledged, but did not standardize, the existence of relative URLs and fragment identifiers.
Only a fragment of its population survive, and those that survive live in the most primitive conditions.
This slightly improves the fragment velocity, and protects the steel fragments from the corrosive explosive.
In addition there is a skull fragment from the Troublesome Formation of Colorado.
The measurements of the fragment are 177 by 163 mm.
In his earlier works, such as Seated/Unseated Woman and Light Figure Fragment, Kraft rendered sculptures incorporating details in neon.
B₁₀₅ can be conceptually divided into a B₄₈ fragment and B₂₈-B-B₂₈ (B₅₇) fragment.
The original transcription and translation of the fragment of text was not done until 1934, by Colin H. Roberts.
The key contains a yellowing fragment of parchment with a name written upon it: Deliverance (Hazeltine) Dane.
This fragment punctured a tyre on Concorde's left main wheel bogie during take-off.
At the end of this stage, each node has received the new fragment ID and level.
Degradation level, more than fragment size, seems to affect density and birth rates of the populations of this species.
This fragment is often found for aromatic compounds containing a benzyl unit.
In those instances an interventional radiologist can usually retrieve the fragment and place a new port.
For visualization purposes, the nucleic acid fragment is usually labelled with a radioactive, fluorescent or biotin label.
Each time Alex recovers a stone fragment leads to the rebirth and invention of various things in his world.
In addition, a fragment of a speech is preserved by Minucius Felix (Octavius 9.
Cave 8 produced five fragments: Genesis (8QGen), Psalms (8QPs), a tefillin fragment (8QPhyl), a mezuzah (8QMez), and a hymn (8QHymn).
Chemically, efungumab is a single-chain variable fragment of a human monoclonal antibody.
Branched alkanes have somewhat weaker molecular ion peaks in the spectra.They tend to fragment at the brached point.
The moment he made the decision, the fragment took birth inverted (head-down and legs-up) in the world.
It houses a 15th-century Annunciation by Giovanni dal Ponte and fragment of a 14th-century fresco of Madonna Enthroned with Child.
Calypso uses her fragment of the Tablet of Order and Chaos to raise an army of zombies.
One good example is shown in the fragment below, labeled "oracle bone script for Spring".
One side of this single-leaf fragment consists of John 20:30-31 with a large space under it, having no subscription.
The distal fracture fragment is displaced volarly (ventrally), as opposed to a Colles' fracture which the fragment is displaced dorsally.
Hyrba appears as a Persian town on the borders of Media in a fragment of Nicolaus of Damascus.
The whole business proved unexpectedly easy as Bizarro deliberately destroyed himself by colliding with the duplicating machine's fragment.
The measurements of the fragment are 100 by 135 mm.
This fragment of a stone cross is located in the church Kirk Michael.
At the Battle of Sharpsburg, he was wounded again, this time in the neck by a shell fragment.
The inserted chromosome yields a large fragment when the homologous region is amplified.
The fragment was discovered by Grenfell and Hunt in 1897 in Oxyrhynchus.
The fragment is not cited in critical editions of the Greek New Testament (UBS4, NA28).
The measurements of the fragment are 216 by 530 mm.
The tungsten housing is designed to fragment and produce maximum damage inside the target.
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 29 is a tiny fragment of an even older manuscript, but only contains the statement of one proposition.
Sword Art Online: Hollow Fragment is a PlayStation Vita game released in Japan on April 24, 2014.
One man was lost through a fragment of a shell.
The measurements of the fragment are 278 by 910 mm.
The measurements of the fragment are 273 by 158 mm.
Bliss caused Copycat's mind to fragment without anybody knowing.
Multiple proteolytic events allow for the release of a cytoplasmic fragment and an extracellular fragment.
Attacking travelers he perceived as enemies, he happened upon a fragment of Soul Edge and felt his pain dampened.
In a fragment of Hellanicus, the author states that the "Athenians, Arcadians, Aeginetans and Thebans are autocthones."
Spider-Man Noir pursues Vulture through the streets; Vulture's fragment grants him teleportation powers.
The two search the ruined city and finally locate Elliot in a large impact crater created by the largest fragment.
This fragment is two bifolia taken from an early seventheenth-century binding.
The Veliisa Stele is a fragment of a Luwian hieroglyphic inscription of Neo-Hittite date.
This ensures that the fragment chain forms realistic angles both within the fragment and between fragments.
It "represents a fragment of a substantial hotel that served the Furness Railway".
His name occurs in a fragment of the Fratres Arvales.
The entire S segment and a fragment of the M segment have been sequenced.
Only one fragment survives from this play.
Other names for a rock veneer are rock-fragment cover (RFC), stone pavement, desert pavement, stony mantle, hammada and reg.
This skull fragment was first described by Sartono in 1982.
An optional fragment identifier, preceded by #, may be present at the end of a URI reference.
This LDPC code fragment represents a three-bit message encoded as six bits.
These steps are collectively referred to as fragment processing.
It is shorter than most of Lovecraft's other short stories, and is essentially a fragment.
The fragment was found near Antinoe in Egypt.
The only fragment of Sappho to explicitly refer to female homosexual activity is Sappho 94.
The military engineering data showed that, like the fragment size, the fragment velocities had characteristic distributions.
The fragment shows a fat man riding a barrel in a kind of lake or pool.
Lenz is a novella fragment written by Georg Buchner in Strasbourg in 1836.
This production technique consists of taking a small fragment of sound and repeating it rhythmically.
Study of natural hybridisation in some tropical plants using amplified fragment length polymorphism analysis.
At Ogmore Castle, an 11th-century stone cross fragment was found in 1929.
See Henning, A Sogdian Fragment of the Manichaean Cosmogony, BSOAS, 1948Original Syriac in: Theodorus bar Konai, Liber Scholiorum, II, ed.
Later that year he signed a contract with Columbia Records as a solo artist.
On June 28, 2010, Wolski resigned a two-year contract with the Phoenix Coyotes.
He signed a two-year contract with Pelita Bandung Raya on 26 November 2013.
Maintenance margin A set minimum margin per outstanding futures contract that a customer must maintain in their margin account.
In July 2016, Hans signed a 2-year contract with Bulgarian side Pirin Blagoevgrad.
Needing a veteran infielder, the Reds signed Aurilia to a minor league contract on January 22, 2005.
On 28 April 2010 the project signed a contract with REpower Systems for the turnkey construction of the wind farm.
On 23 December 2009, his contract was mutually terminated.
The second album by Nelson under his contract with Legacy Recordings, it was released on April 16, 2013.
Keenan signed a contract with South Melbourne on 9 December 2009 to play in the upcoming VPL season.
He left the Senators' organization at the end of the contract in 2012.
To make room, Sanders' contract was sold to the Boston Braves for $25,000.
Phillips signed a minor league contract with the Chicago White Sox on January 11, 2008.
So Dawson signed a recording contract with EMI and was now musically based in the UK.
On 31 August 2011, he joined Super League Greece side OFI Crete on a two-year contract.
The deal was concluded the following day, with the player signing a two-year contract.
The local stations then contract with program distributors and also provide some programming themselves.
In 1917 the company was awarded a contract with the U.S. Army for 100,000 blankets.
He then signed a ROH contract in the ring.
On 16 May 2012, Malone signed a pre contract agreement with Raith Rovers after impressing then manager John McGlynn.
She would not listen to the notary reading out the contract, and refused to sign to the agreement.
On July 20, he agreed to terms on a four-year contract with the team.
Pidgeley sought first-team football, and signed a three-year contract with Millwall in League One on 10 June 2006.
Kresser signed a rookie contract with the Cincinnati Bengals, where he spent his entire three-year NFL career.
Following this he signed with non-league Darlington in June 2011, before his contract was terminated in January 2012.
In 1996, ESPN began a five-year contract with Major League Baseball worth $440 million and about $80 million per year.
The Venice Cup is a biennial world championship contract bridge tournament for national teams of Women.
In 1937, K-2 was ordered from Goodyear as part of a contract that also bought the L-1.
On 7 October 2015 he signed a new contract with Atlético, running until 2018.
The Roman-Dutch lawyers followed these guidelines closely in their definitions of the contract of sale.
As part of Contract 4, the IRT agreed to build a subway line along Nostrand Avenue in Brooklyn.
On 12 December 2012, Gavet signed a 1-year contract with the Wests Tigers starting in 2013.
He cancelled his contract in March 2008.
On March 9, 2017, Shipley signed a two-year contract extension with the Cardinals.
McKie became the Bears full-time starter in 2006 and signed a 5-year contract extension (11/2/06).
On June, 19, 2016, Bolds returned to Lavrio, renewing his contract for one more year.
However, the Athletics did not tender him a contract by the December 2 deadline and he became a free agent.
Therefore, Francis enjoyed lasting chart success in the US until her contract with MGM Records ran out in 1969.
He stated that he would stay on as president if the owners defined his duties in a contract.
He signed his first professional contract with the club in the summer of 2009, aged 17.
At 14 he signed a contract with the Grill El Caracol Rojo as lead vocalist.
On July 27, 2015, he signed a one-year contract with Valencia Basket of Spain.
On January 6, 2016, the Dodgers re-signed Beachy to a one-year, $1.5 million, major league contract.
It was released by BMG Pacific after Liew's contract was over with them and she had signed to Columbia Records.
Dixon signed a year-long contract with League Two club Bradford City on 31 August 2011.
In 2003, Case was off-screen from February 17 to May 1, during contract negotiations.
Curb Records signed Bomshel to a recording contract.
In June 2007, he signed a 3-year contract with Serie B side AlbinoLeffe on free transfer.
He signed a new two-year contract with Kidderminster in July.
Modern banknotes are printed by contract with De La Rue Currency in Loughton, Essex.
These zones can expand and contract when neighboring foragers are removed or introduced, respectively.
On 3 July 12, his contract was cancelled by mutual consent despite having one year left on his contract.
Represented comedian Dave Chappelle in various transactions since 2005, including his $60 million contract with Netflix in 2016.
Winfield signed with the Seattle Seahawks on April 17, 2013 to a one-year, $3 million contract.
It was with Browne's assistance that Zevon got a major record contract.
The first traded instrument was a futures contract on the UX Index.
On 11 July 2008, Badu left Berekum Arsenal, signing a one-year loan contract with Asante Kotoko.
Two days later he signed a professional contract with the club.
The brothers wrote in Munroe on a contract as a full partner in their business from 1801 though 1804.
However, US government pressure on the Czech government resulted in the cancellation of this contract.
DISA purchases telecommunications and information technology (IT) products and services for the U.S. military using a variety of contract vehicles.
His contract was subsequently terminated and he remained without a club for the rest of the season.
Demir joined Bursaspor in 2005 and signed a professional contract in 2007.
However, when Skora was freed from his Preston contract in January 2006, Kilmarnock signed him on a permanent contract.
The winner was chosen in January 2006 and the contract was signed in March 2006.
In early September 2008, Pinilla joined Brazil's CR Vasco da Gama, signing a contract until the end of the season.
On July 1, 2014, he signed a one-year contract to become a head coach of the Russian team Nizhny Novgorod.
The contract included planning, advanced engineering and procurement of long-lead material, is just over $272 million.
Frank Calabrese and John Fecarotta were given the go ahead and developed a crew of several men for the contract.
On February 2, 2016, Quentin came out of retirement and signed a minor league contract with the Minnesota Twins.
He returned to San Luis F.C. when his loan contract ended with América.
The contract has been awarded to Frontier Works Organization, who has also started the project.
Croft rejoined Oldham Athletic on a one-year contract on 1 July 2015.
After a month of no contact, he calls to inform his wife that the contract has been extended another year.
They signed a recording contract with GEM Records in May 1979.
In December 2013, Ponga signed a contract with the North Queensland Cowboys.
The contract for the construction of EMAS was awarded by the LTA to Singapore Technologies Electronics in December 1996.
He signed a four-year contract worth an average of €900,000 a season.
Rule's Warner contract was allowed to lapse after only two films.
On June 24, 2011, he signed a contract with the Serbian team Partizan Belgrade.
On 18 November 2009, N'Doumbou signed his first professional contract.
He was awarded his first professional contract after less than two weeks in Bristol, signing on 23 September.
On 13 August 2011, Balboa terminated his contract with Benfica.
As a result, she became a mistress of a rich businessman and once signed a contract with Mark's law firm.
If Davis played out the contract, it was worth $7.83 million with about $3.2 million in incentives.
At the end of the 2011 season, he moved to the Penrith Panthers on a one-year contract.
December 2015, contract for JWST's launcher signed.
Since baseball's contracts are guaranteed Murcer collected the remainder of his contract (estimated at $360,000 a year) through 1984.
On June 19, 2009, he then signed a two-year, $2.2 million contract extension with the Coyotes, worth $1.1 million annually.
Martin proposed the MB-1 and were rewarded with an initial production contract for six aircraft.
Amico Bignami was born in Bologna to Eugenia and Francesco Mazzoni.
It was, for example, a standard set text for medical students at the University of Bologna in the fifteenth century.
Gerald Strickland was also a resident of Attard, at Villa Bologna.
He was a pupil of Carlo Cignani in Bologna, and worked in Lombardy, then in Rome.
He left Bologna and went to Mens Sana Siena.
Kinder Bologna won its first title after defeating AEK in the EuroLeague final with the lowest scoring ever.
He did not receive special training as a physician or attend the famous university in Bologna.
She married Sante Bentivoglio in 1454 and, after his death, Giovanni II Bentivoglio, duke of Bologna.
In Bologna, he worked with Mauro Tesi in designing a monument to their patron, Count Francesco Algarotti.
Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Casteldebole Panigal 1919 is an Italian association football club located in Borgo Panigale, a suburb of Bologna.
He soon obtained a prize at the Accademia Clementina in Bologna for his painting of Erato.
Fioravanti and Mambro admit carrying out terrorist murders, but have always denied any involvement in the Bologna station bomb.
He quickly sang all over Italy (Milan, Rome, Naples, Turin, Venice, Bologna, Palermo, Parma, Florence, etc).
In June 2009 Bologna signed Coda outright, for €100,000, with Tedeschi also signed by Treviso outright, for €1,000.
He is known for suspending Cecco d'Ascoli from a professorship of medicine at the University of Bologna in 1324.
He then joined Bologna in January 2009.
Negri was born in Bologna and made her debut there at the age of 15.
As the war turned against the Austrians, the garrison in Bologna left early in the morning on 12 June 1859.
He studied singing in Naples with Leonardo Leo and in Bologna with Antonio Bernacchi.
The city of Bologna was appointed a UNESCO City of Music on 26 May 2006.
In 1888, he also exhibited in Bologna paintings depicting antique sites demolished in Rome with urban renewal.
In Bologna, he received encouragement from Felice Torelli.
Negri was born in Bologna to Teresa née Maranelli and Antonio Negri.
They shared the stage as co-headliners with Yellowcard and Flogging Molly at the Bologna Independent Days festival.
Born circa 1150 in Bologna, Azo studied under Joannes Bassianus and became professor of civil law at Bologna.
Lebanon bologna has a distinct tangy flavor, more so than other fermented meat products such as summer sausage.
He lived most of his life in Bologna, where he was brought up in the school of Guido Reni.
The pope then despatched him to solve a dispute between Bologna and Alfonso II d'Este, Duke of Ferrara.
He died young and was buried in the church of the Nunziata in Bologna.
In 1428, he worked in Bologna with Giovanni da Modena.
Born in Piacenza, Poggi studied first in Bologna with soprano Valeria Manna, and later in Milan with baritone Emilio Ghirardini.
The most important commentators were probably Rufin of Bologna (died before 1192) and Huguccio (died 1210).
In 2009 he wrote soundtracks for "La torre riflette", a video installation on the Due Torri in Bologna.
It was debuted as redesigned Tata TL at the 2006 Bologna Motor Show.
After Rome, she visited Naples, Bologna and Milan and saw former Empress Eugénie of France in Salzburg.
In 1908, the race used the Circuito di Bologna: Bologna-Castelfranco Emilia-Sant'Agata Bolognese-San Giovanni in Persiceto-Bologna.
Tornielli also preached during a period of plague in 1476 in both Bologna and Perugia.
It is composed of the clubs that participate in the Lega Basket Serie A. It is headquartered in Bologna, Italy.
The current Town Hall was the 17th century residence of Counts of Segni from Bologna.
Cassini remained in Bologna working until Colbert recruited him to come to Paris to help set up the Paris Observatory.
He worked with the poor and homeless in Bologna and amassed funds for shelters and chapels.
He painted in the church of the Madonna del Baraccano in Bologna.
Also, other cities such as Venice, Florence, Naples, Vicenza, Bologna, Genoa and Turin are important centres.
He was active in his native Bologna, where he was a pupil of Antonio Dardani.
He was a member of the Accademia Clementina and died in Bologna.
His remains rests at the Certosa di Bologna.
Massimiliano Chiamenti (Florence, 1967 - Bologna, 2011) was an Italian poet and philologist.
The web site of a scientific meeting in Bologna, honouring the memory of Beppo Levi.
He underwent a full rehabilitation in Bologna, and returned to the Villa side in August 2006.
In 1988 he was sold for, at the time, a record amount to Italian side Bologna.
The first mention of Bestia comes from Italian Raffaele Bisteghi, in his play "The practical", Bologna 1753.
Born at Bologna to count Niccolo Caprara, he was a descendant of generals Raimondo Montecuccoli and Ottavio Piccolomini.
He won the Coppa Alta Italia with Bologna in 1946.
Valsalva was buried in the church of San Giovanni in Monte, Bologna.
The Studie R was unveiled at the Bologna Motor Show.
He was born to a family of noble ancestry, but limited resources, in Bologna.
Saint Proculus of Bologna or Saint Proculus the Soldier (died c. 304 AD) is an Italian saint.
In 1912 he graduated in jurisprudence at the University of Bologna.
Cecconi played with several teams throughout his career, obtaining his best successes with Palermo, Bologna and Como.
Born in Rome, Doni started playing professionally for Modena at age 18, subsequently moving on to Rimini, Pistoiese and Bologna.
Her appearances in Bologna in 1824 were likewise highly successful.
It was printed and handcrafted in Bologna, Italy.
In January 2011, he returned to Italy, and signed with Virtus Bologna for the rest of the season.
The church of Santi Gregorio e Siro is a Renaissance style parish church in central Bologna, on Via Montegrappa 15.
He died in Bologna in 1873, at the age of 83.
Acidalius studied philosophy and medicine in Bologna and was awarded a doctorate degree in both disciplines.
Giuseppe Campione; (Bologna), 15 years, 298 days (25 June 1989)6.
He won one ATP World Tour title, at Bologna, Italy in 1998, with American Brandon Coupe.
Gibbs is wrong in suggesting that, for a few minutes, Grimoard was lord of Bologna.
On 1 September 2010 he signed a one-year contract for Bologna.
In 1518 Hess moved to Bologna to study theology, completing his studies there in 1519.
Malvezzi was born to a family from Bologna, son of Count Francesco and Countess Teresa Carniani Malvezzi.
The two complemented each other perfectly in the Bologna midfield, with Jensen the defensive anchor supporting Pilmark's offensive playmaking passes.
On 9 July 2013, Bianchi was signed by Bologna.
Stefano Golinelli (26 October 1818 Bologna - 3 July 1891 Bologna) was an Italian piano virtuoso and composer.
Further reconstructions occurred in the 16th century, after the fall from power of Bentivoglio family in Bologna.
She was born Antonia Elisabetta Manfredini in Bologna and was the daughter of the composer and music theorist Vincenzo Manfredini.
The Palazzo Felicini is a Renaissance style palace in Via Galliera 14 in central Bologna, Italy.
Tactus Records (Italian Casa Discografica Tactus) is an Italian classical music recording label based in Bologna, Italy.
It is very similar to American Bologna.
It passes west of Bologna, at Casalecchio di Reno.
Fini was born on January 3, 1952 in Bologna.
She started her career at the University of Bologna.
His tomb is in the Certosa di Bologna.
Its flag was proclaimed to be the tricolore, representing the "red and white of Bologna and the green of liberty".
San Lazzaro di Savena is an Italian comune (municipality) of some 32,000 inhabitants in the Metropolitan City of Bologna, Emilia-Romagna.
In Bologna he obtained many commissions under the patronage of the Bentivoglio family.
It was included in the deck of cards produced in Bologna by Giulio Borzaghi.
She accepted in 2007 to be in charge of European reform of education in her university (Bologna Process).
He obtained a theology degree in 1653, and was appointed a canon in Bologna Cathedral in 1662.
But during the contest the mind-patch fails, as his mind rejects it.
On occasion, when the winner does not qualify (due to age) for either contest, a runner-up is sent.
It was this contest that inspired her to be a singer.
Belarus won the Contest by a single point over Armenia.
The two first met briefly at the 1970 Mr. America contest in Los Angeles, California, where Viator placed third.
Marija Serifovic — Molitva (Serbia) 2007 Eurovision Song Contest — Official Eurovision YouTube video.
Walls, however, plead no contest to the rape of Heath Stocks.
The name Burford District Elementary School was chosen as the result of a public contest suggesting names.
Miss Universe Hungary is a national beauty contest in Hungary for Miss Universe pageant.
Jonas teamed up with Cambio and Indaba Music to launch a contest that allowed fans to remix the song.
The contest probably wasn't in the beginning a national selection for the Eurovision Song Contest.
On the April 3, 2007 show, Ryan Seacrest announced the first American Idol Songwriter: a songwriting contest.
The album artwork for this version of the album was selected through an art contest held at vampirefreaks.com.
The Kiddy Contest 2007 was again only a single production of ORF.
The team Red submitted their solutions to A and B at 1:00 and 2:45 after the beginning of the contest.
In the contest, Toma launches his rocket, named Lucky, but lets go of it too soon and launches it poorly.
The contest included each skater's time from the 1500 metres and 5000 metres competitions that were raced during the weekend.
For the second contest from Inkshares they partnered with Nerdist.
General partner of contest is Moldovan telecommunication company Moldcell.
Former Sport MAXX champion Leyton Clarke will contest the British GT4 Championship this season for the factory assisted Lotus squad.
The Chronicle of Hugh of Flavigny: Reform and the Investiture Contest in the Late Eleventh Century.
He was placed fourth in the UK heat of the 1957 Eurovision Song Contest.
Loki appears as a playable character in Marvel Contest of Champions.
It did not contest any further elections.
The Eurovision Song Contest 2003 was the 48th annual Eurovision Song Contest.
It became the winner of the 1987 Eurovision Song Contest.
The judges then realized that "numskull" was an acceptable spelling, and the contest continued.
In the period 2015-2016, it won 15 medals from Decanter contest making it the leading medal winning winery in CEE.
The DRMC debate team were champions in the English Debate Contest organized by the British Council in 2002.
He entered the House of Commons for Pontefract in 1847 as a Liberal, after a closely fought contest.
Thirty-nine countries participated in the 2005 Contest.
Following the introduction of semi-finals for the 2004 contest, Croatia had featured in six finals.
Ukraine participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 in Malmo, Sweden.
He was elected without a contest as the only candidate, becoming President of Ireland on 3 December 1976.
Stassen played a key role in the 1952 Republican contest when he released his delegates to Dwight D. Eisenhower.
In the National Assembly elections several UDPM candidates were able to contest each seat.
Cingular hosted a lip-sync contest that awarded those who best performed "Torn" in an online submitted video.
France participated at the Eurovision Song Contest 2001, held in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Luxembourg returned to the contest after a one-year break with a song in native Luxembourgish language.
In 2001, K-Ci pleaded no contest to four charges of lewd conduct.
Moldova participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2006 in Athens, Greece.
It was the third time three people would host the contest, the previous such contests being 1999 and 2010.
It was announced on 18 April 2016, that the second Bala Turkvision Song Contest will be held in Turkey.
They published "The Shorthand Writer" and started the National Speed Contest, which is still held today.
Monaco had stated an interest to take part in the contest, however did not take part in the contest.
He was eliminated from the contest and gave his support to Grossman, a fellow Red Tory.
Sources regarding the closeness of the contest, vary.
The main contest was between the United Federal Party led by Welensky and the Dominion Party led by Winston Field.
Nonetheless, Seir Kieran matched their opponents well in a fast-paced, hard-hitting contest.
The contest consisted of making the best open source GP32 game.
Elizabeth Haysom did not contest her extradition from the U.K. and pleaded guilty to conspiring to kill her parents.
Vojnovic authored the book Contest Theory: Incentive Mechanisms and Ranking Methods.
Others contest such proposals, and suggest Shiva to have emerged from indigenous pre-Aryan tribal origins.
After being dismissed by Harding, Hunt returned to Arizona and decided to contest his old seat.
Twenty countries participated in the contest, with songs that failed to win their televised national selections.
Gaitana became the first singer of Afro-Ukrainian origin to represent Ukraine in the contest.
It respects the right of citizen to contest policies.
Croatia competed in the Eurovision Song Contest 1999, held in Jerusalem, Israel.
Howard was the first prize fiddler at the inaugural Tri-State Bluegrass Association fiddle contest in 1982.
LZEXE project pageInternational Obfuscated C Code Contest years pagehttp://www0.us.ioccc.org/years.html#2000http://www0.us.ioccc.org/2000/bellard.hint"TCCBOOT Compiles And Boots Linux In 15 Seconds".
Iraq (sometimes presented as Iraqi Turkmens) has participated in the Turkvision Song Contest twice since its début in 2013.
In 1993, Fazla represented Bosnia and Herzegovina at the 1993 Eurovision Song Contest with the song "Sva bol svijeta".
He challenged incumbent Tory MP Stanley Schumacher for the PC nomination--the real contest in this strongly conservative riding.
This win qualified Girard for the 2008 Canada's Strongest Man contest.
He qualified for the final and finished the contest at 8th position with 229 points.
The contest was held in Primm Valley Resort, Nevada.
As Miss Massachusetts USA, she competed in the Miss Universe contest held in Long Beach, California in 1958.
Eventually, The Makemakes were selected to represent Austria in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015.
The song was succeeded as Icelandic representative at the 2001 contest by Two Tricky with "Angel".
Miss USSR (Мисс CCCP) was a national beauty contest held in the Soviet Union.
In 2001 and 2002 Chai won honorable mention in the Stony Brook Short fiction contest.
He left the position to contest unsuccessfully for the Republican gubernatorial nomination in 1990.
Eurovision Dance Contest 2007 was hosted in London.
It was succeeded as Yugoslav representative at the 1988 contest by Srebrna Krila with "Mangup".
In the Eurovision Song Contest 2005 Wig Wam represented Norway after winning the Norwegian pre-selection Melodi Grand Prix.
This event gathers big wave surfers from all around the world in a one contest.
One of the hallmarks of the Indian show was the staging of the contest at heritage sites across the country.
Kind didn't face another contest nearly that close until 2010.
13 teams will contest the Hotel Kilmore Intermediate Football Championship.
This led people to believe it was an acronym, and then to a contest to come up with an expansion.
This contest is done annually on that weeklong celebration of the Tacloban City Fiesta.
The 2005 contest was held at the DR TV Studios in Copenhagen, hosted by Jacob Riising.
The winners of the Clare county final join the champions of the other hurling counties to contest the provincial championship.
Bottomley decided not to re-contest Eltham after major boundary changes, but sought nomination elsewhere.
The contest includes only athletes weighing 105 kg (231 lbs.
Trijntje Oosterhuis represented the Netherlands at the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 with the song "Walk Along".
It was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1969 Contest by Paola Del Medico with "Bonjour, Bonjour".
Odds stacked against them, Erec and Bethany advance to the final contest, but something is not quite right.
When the CPC emerged, Musa chose to contest for the Niger north senate seat on that platform.
Poland has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 19 times since its debut in 1994.
In addition, Confederate forces suffered from severe demoralization and lost many conscript soldiers during and after the campaign.
Having completed the initial part of the service as a conscript, the soldier is placed in the reserve.
It was therefore decided to introduce conscript warrant officers(underofficerare).
Simply declining to enlist, if the potential conscript appears likely to avoid the draft through sheer "luck of the draw".
There were additionally 567 female volunteers in 2010, who pass training on "conscript-like" conditions.
Those who tried to escape the conscript hunters would be shot.
These methods increased resentment within the conscript ranks and lowered morale.
The system was called "conscript obligation" (Russian: рекрутская повинность).
The FRDF service itself does not differ radically from the standard Finnish conscript service.
From this time on till the end of the war, a soldier was simply a machine, a conscript.
The earliest immigrants worked as traders, although most of the later settlers worked as fishermen, farmers or conscript labourers.
In World War II, with largely conscript armies, there was great emphasis on training.
The Finnish Defense Forces does not conscript women.
This is the most common conscript leader rank.
In addition to conscript training, the Military Music School trains career musicians of the FDF.
The service times are determined so that the conscript leaders are demobilised with the rank and file of that cohort.
He was also a conscript officer from 1894, with promotions to Premier Lieutenant in 1902 and Captain in 1911.
As predominantly conscript units the Zouaves did not serve in Indochina between 1945 and 1954.
He then attended Treider School, studied forestry at Yale University and in Nancy, and also took conscript officer training.
Usually each District (regiment) has one or two platoons, consisting exclusively of former regular or conscript military police personnel.
After the Armistice, however, domestic opinion turned against foreign involvement, particularly with conscript troops.
Professional units were supplemented by disciplined and well-armed conscript forces.
The Soviets immediately conscript the POWs, shooting those who refuse or were too slow to don the Red Army uniform.
Adolf Hitler was reluctant to conscript women to Labor therefore alternatives had to be considered.
He is also the founder of the ConScript Unicode Registry, which is maintained by him and Michael Everson.
The Malian armed forces were initially formed by Malian conscript and volunteer veterans of the French Armed Forces.
He "discovered" the military conscript as a comic type, appearing as such on stage or in top hat and tails.
From 1932 to 1945 he chaired the nationwide Conscript Officers' Association.
He was placed in charge of the Confederate Conscript Bureau for Alabama and South Florida.
Deaths believed to be at their hands were reported in 1864 among numerous tax collectors, conscript officers, and other officials.
The expedition consisted mostly of southern Chinese conscript.
Moroni requested Pahoran give him the right to conscript the king-men, or be executed for treason.
Russia, as well as many smaller nations such as Switzerland, retain mainly conscript armies.
In the same year, attempts by the Yugoslav government to disarm and conscript Kosovo Albanians were met by revolts.
The personnel of the Center participate actively in the specialist conscript training of the Hame Cavalry Battalion.
Conscript service obligation was 2 years as of 2004.
In 1941 he was a conscript medic in the KNIL and from 1942 to 1945 a Japanese POW.
When the Taliban seized him it was in order to forcibly conscript him and send him to the front lines.
Maoz based the film on his experience as a young Israeli conscript during the 1982 Lebanon War.
The Vendeans would also rise up against Napoleon's attempt to conscript them in 1815.
It is based on class-loyalty, whereas the discipline of a bourgeois conscript army is based ultimately on fear.
After World War II the Austrian Armed Forces (Bundesheer) were reestablished as a conscript military force.
Conscript musicians are accepted on the basis of auditions arranged by the Military Music School.
We said it was going to be us next, said Private Mario Oscar Nunez recalling the death of conscript Riquelme.
The number of those seeking conscientious objector status declined as actual conscript recruitment continued to decline.
After disbandment of Military Music School and Hame Regiment, the Conscript band was attached under Armored Brigade's command.
In 2013, there were 3,900 officers, 17,300 NCOs, 3,600 professional soldiers, and 9,200 conscript soldiers.
Hasenjaeger knew Scholz since his school days and corresponded with him during his time as a conscript.
For service in Sports School, the conscript must be at least a semi-professional sportsman of national level.
Of the 22 soldiers requested to form the conscript, only 5 men volunteered.
He was also a board member of the Norwegian Conscript Officers' Federation.
Enlistment is voluntary in peacetime, but the government has the authority to conscript in emergencies.
He joined the Korean Army as a conscript in the 17th Regiment and fought at the Battle of Busan Perimeter.
In the revision of 1995 the introduction of a professional army, replacing the conscript army, was regulated.
Despite them failing and Walter escaping, Eggman decides to conscript her as his twelfth and independent Egg Boss.
In times of need every town, quarter, and village should present a fully equipped conscript at the recruiting office.
Conscript training in Kuuskajaskari fort ended in 1997.
The German soldiers and military doctors around the conscript are well-rounded, some with dispositions of indifference, some grinning.
However, this also did not produce enough volunteers, so plans were made to conscript men in an orderly manner.
In 1605 the Swedes again spent large sums of money to conscript a new massive army.
After the war, the first conscript from Prebilovci that reached the army age was not until 1962 (Jovan Djurasovic).
The last conscript troops were inducted in 1995 and demobilized in 1996.
At the beginning of rebellion the Izhevsk Army was built up from volunteers, now it became a conscript army.
They remain in the rank of enlistee unless they complete the conscript NCO course.
Some colonial powers such as France reserved their conscript armies for home service while maintaining professional units for overseas duties.
Gabriel Dufour (Nino Rocher) is a young conscript in the French army during the first World War.
The steamer "Bellingham" was the conscript boat for Fort Wightman on Long Island.
Thereafter the conscript is no longer part of the reserve.
Conscript enlisted men and non-commissioned officers wear special rank insignia to differentiate them from volunteers.
After his studies he entered the Dutch Navy as a conscript.
The neologism "pioupiou" to refer to an unexperienced young conscript was created in this play by Varner.
He also served without distinction as a conscript in the Rhodesian Security Forces.
The country plans to convert the current conscript-based military into a professional volunteer military.
Before that he served in the Baath Party's People's Militia (Popular Militia) as a conscript from 1980 to 1982.
The availability of spare parts was always an issue, and its maintenance a challenge to the conscript mechanics.
Russia, as well as many other nations, retains mainly a conscript army.
Militia officers, state's attorneys, lawyers, professors and schoolteachers were in the van of this "conscript army."
He served for a short time as a Navy conscript in the Second Schleswig War, then settled in Copenhagen.
If the conscript is unwilling to take the oath, another option is to take the military affirmation.
What's father was a teenage conscript in Stalin's Red army and spent two years in a POW camp in Stuttgart.
Fifty or so foundries were established, each using hundreds or even thousands of convict or conscript laborers.
Ehsanullah acknowledged having once served as a Taliban foot-soldier, but stated he was an involuntary conscript.
Its commanders conscript slaves into its armies.
Iraqi forces consisted mostly of conscript infantry backed by Republican Guard tank brigades.
But, when Ernest Bevin became Minister of Labour in 1940, he decided to conscript them.
Career NCO's with rank of sergeant have a sword symbol in their insignia to distinguish them from conscript sergeants.
The next day, partisans arrive at Florya's house and conscript him.
Between 1991 and 1996, the Dutch armed forces phased out their conscript personnel and converted to an all-volunteer force.
Additionally, conscript based reserve MP platoons are trained in Guard Battalion every year.
The Kilometre Zero is located at Kampung Pandan Interchange, Kuala Lumpur.
The interchange was built by Richard Costain Ltd, with work commencing in May 1964.
Monastiraki (English: Monastery) station is an interchange station on the Athens Metro, between Lines 1 and 3.
U.S. Route 395 begins in Hesperia at a partial interchange with Interstate 15 as it heads north.
MD 200 then turns slightly to the northeast near Colesville and meets MD 650 at a single-point urban interchange.
The highway curves back to the north-northeast and has an interchange with SC 126 (Clearwater Road).
Farther northeast, the highway passes through agricultural areas and comes to an interchange serving US 20 near State Line.
The kilometre zero marker of the expressway is at the Longqiao Interchange in Haikou, and the mile markers increase clockwise.
Past the toll plaza, there is an interchange for the Palisades Interstate Parkway.
The GEDCOM 5.5 standard for genealogical data interchange encodes multimedia files in its text-line hierarchical file format using radix-64.
From Gat-Rimon the road continues east, bypassing Petah Tikva from the south until it meets Highway 6 at Nahshonim Interchange.
The highway starts as an eight-lane freeway at an interchange on I-75 in Bloomfield Township.
UN/EDIFACT accounts for over 90% of all electronic data interchange (EDI) messages exchanged globally.
The highway's southern terminus is near Nacogdoches, Texas at an interchange with its parent route, US 59.
In Cawang Interchange, located 1.5 km east, Route 2 turns to the south, entering Jl.
Skirting the southern border of Katlehong, it continues to the N3, where it forms an interchange.
This would provide an interchange between the lines, improving accessibility to Tokyo's Haneda Airport ahead of the 2020 Summer Olympics.
US 421, US 23, and US 58 receive their three business routes at an interchange west of Gate City.
The Asafo Interchange is a dual carriage road system interchange in Kumasi the capital of Ashanti.
As the road enters Seminole, it has an interchange with US-270, where SH-3E splits off.
About 1 mile (1.6 km) later is an interchange with US 78/US 278/SR 10 (Gordon Highway).
It runs through wooded areas of development as it crosses over the Atlantic City Expressway without an interchange.
The next area is called Galawilawaththa, which is under Homagama.The Kottawa interchange of the E02 Expressway is located here.
This resulted in many bilateral agreements, especially in the fields of scientific, technological, and cultural interchange and trade relations.
The 3rd Street underpass and subsequent interchange was removed and signalized intersections at 5th and 3rd streets were created.
The Frederick Freeway ends at US 15's partial interchange with MD 26 (Liberty Road).
Upon turning back into a divided highway, US 46 comes to a large interchange with I-95/New Jersey Turnpike.
Accessible via a dedicated Putra Mahkota Interchange EXIT 213 off the North-South Expressway Southern Route.
The remitting bank may charge the biller's bank an interchange fee.
Between the two cities, it meets US 63 at a partial cloverleaf interchange.
This also includes construction on the Cloverleaf interchange at I-95.
Admiralty (East) Public Transport Interchange is located at 95 Queensway, ground floor of the United Centre.
Platform B facilitates a cross-platform interchange when a Ronkonkoma Branch train is meeting a Greenport train (a.k.a. "The Greenport Scoot").
Interchange with InterCity services can be made at Luton and Bedford.
The interchange is configured as a cloverleaf interchange.
Closer to downtown, an interchange was built at Temple Street in 1939.
Today, much of the uncovered remains are preserved in tunnels and other structures scattered around the interchange.
The NCDOT released an updated map on the project in January 2015 that eliminated the NC 159 interchange.
After the two rivers the highway has an interchange with SR 115, followed by an interchange with SR 65.
Immediately after crossing over a Canadian National track, the route encounters an interchange with Highway 401, Exit 721B.
An unusual divided sweeping turn is visible where an interchange with an unbuilt segment would have been.
Traffic just to the west of this interchange used the two-lane Bender Bridge and Memorial Tunnel.
Shortly after the interchange with I-695, MD 144 enters the city of Baltimore, where it continues as Frederick Avenue.
The interchange pre-dates the Interstate Highway System, originally built as an intersection between two local roads in 1951.
Interchange is made with Canadian National Railway at Swan Lake.
Following the interchange, SR 802 becomes more commercial as it enters Greenacres.
US 211 begins at a diamond interchange with I-81 just west of the town of New Market.
The said interchange was built in 1984, designed to allow for future extension northward.
The interchange between the two (Kamener Kreuz) was one of the first cloverleaf interchanges in Germany, opened in 1937.
Elevated above the city of Wheeling, a complex interchange provides access to the downtown area and Benwood.
The A14 joins to the M1 motorway at junction 19 (Catthorpe Interchange) offering easy access to Huntingdon, Felixstowe and London.
After the Irwin interchange, the Pennsylvania Turnpike widens to six lanes and heads into the rural area west of Greensburg.
Its western terminus is an interchange with the N12, just south of Soweto, Gauteng.
The next major interchange is with Interstate 71 in Jeffersonville.
It curves to the north-northwest and has an interchange with St. Marys Road.
The nearest interchange is at Glan-Munchweiler, some 7 km away.
Also in 1998, the Prichard, West Virginia bypass was opened to traffic with one interchange and one at-grade intersection.
Just east of the Brevard County line, the road veers southeast at the interchange with SR 407.
In Metter, they have an interchange with Interstate 16 (I-16; Jim Gillis Historic Savannah Parkway).
After the interchange, SR-101 turns to the southeast after entering Wellsville city limits.
It offers passengers interchange ability between the Athens Metro and Proastiakos stations.
The new section will run from Highway 401 southbound to the Eglinton-Cawthra Rd. interchange.
The road crosses into Morris Township, where it reaches an exit-only interchange with Harter Road; there are no entrances present.
The latter meanwhile run alternately via Bradford Interchange and via Brighouse & Dewsbury.
An interchange with Interstate 64 is proposed to relieve traffic flow on nearby State Road 135.
The road curves south and ends at an interchange with US 98 southeast of Beaumont.
On this northeastern stretch, the route enters a diamond interchange with I-81 (exit 13).
For purposes of this list, mile 0 is located at the I-195 interchange.
The Zoo Interchange is a freeway Interchange on the west side of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
The route travels from an incomplete interchange with I-15/90 through generally rural areas in western Butte.
Past the diamond interchange at SR-201, the route loses two lanes in each direction.
SR 161 keeps straight crossing under I-95/I-64 to its interchange with the north and westbound lanes (I-95 exit 78).
Foshan is a main interchange for railway routes linking Guangzhou, Hong Kong and western Guangdong Province.
After beginning a curve to the south-southwest is an interchange with SR 25 Connector (West Bay Street).
Then it reaches an interchange at Highland Drive, signed as 2000 East (SR-152).
The freeway's next exit to the southwest is a diamond interchange with Tallassee Road and Oglethorpe Avenue.
As of June 2012, the interchange has been rebuilt as a full cloverleaf interchange; previously, it was a trumpet interchange.
It was proposed from that interchange to SR 331 in Forest Park.
The Route 38-41-73 interchange complex replaced a dangerous and congested 6-way traffic circle.
The Railways in Ely are an important interchange point between several routes in England.
It functions as a full-access point to US 4, as NH 155 intersects US 4 at a partial interchange.
After an interchange with US 15/US 501, NC 42 continues northeast along Wicker Street into Sanford.
East of town, US-56/US-64/US-412/SH-3 have an interchange with US-287, which bypasses Boise City to the east.
On the east side of Vinita, the road comes to an interchange with US-60 and US-69.
All 20 players may play in any match on an unlimited interchange basis.
In this course, it intersects with Gazi Mustafa Kemal Boulevard by an interchange.
SR 8 begins at an interchange with I-76 and I-77 just southeast of Akron's central business district.
In 2009, PA 60 north of the interchange was rebranded as an extension of I-376.
US 222 splits from US 30 at a trumpet interchange and heads north onto a four-lane freeway.
In Houston, I-45 meets Interstate Highway 610 and State Highway 35 at a complicated interchange.
The Representation is one of the axes around the historiographic disputes about Mariano Moreno.
It comprises erect axes terminating in corymbose clusters of erect sporangia.
The earliest evidence includes several neolithic stone axes, Bronze Age axes and Hallstatt and La Tene burial mounds.
However, axes have been discovered that do not clearly fit into either category.
The present manor house is a building with eight axes of symmetry with rendered walls, a slate-covered half-hipped mansard roof.
The arms show two crossed silver axes on a blue background.
An alternate theory states that rather than stone axes, early humans in east Asia used bamboo tools instead.
It is possible now to read off the major and minor axes of this ellipse.
If the crystal symmetry is monoclinic or triclinic, even the angles between these axes are subject to thermal changes.
The leafless stems (axes) bore 10-12 elliptical spore-forming organs or sporangia on side branches.
The diagnostic characters are naked axes branching isotomously, terminating in fusiform sporangia.
The prosoma (head) was subtrapezoidal, with arcuate compound eyes on parallel axes.
Using "hoes, pick-axes and chisels, they hammered away at the two earthen tombs until they were completely destroyed".
However more recent research demonstrated that hand-axes from Spain were made more than 900,000 years ago.
Early artefacts found in the vicinity include Neolithic hand-axes and Bronze and Iron Age pottery.
It is equipped with bronze battle axes, steel armor, and electric lights on the soldiers' foreheads.
Flakes and axes coexisted in Europe, sometimes at the same site.
Francis Pryor attributes this to these axes being particularly valued in this region.
Anisophyton was a genus of Silu-Devonian land plant with branching axes.
Today, CNC mills can have 4 to 6 axes.
These nuggets were sent to regional trade centers where artisans turned them into beads, amulets, knives, and axes.
The output for the orientation tensor is in the three orthogonal (perpendicular) axes of space.
Their development and perfection achieved is remarkable, in developing yokes, palms, axes, snakes, smiling caritas and monumental clay sculptures.
The number of axes for multiaxis machines varies from 4 to 9.
The fasces is a symbol associated with justice (from Roman lictor's axes, in this case not fascism).
Halberds, polearms, and dagger axes were also common weapons during this time.
Characteristic tools include flake axes, lanceolates and tanged arrowheads.
The thick layers of Jabroudian consist mainly in heavy scratchers and hand axes.
Most civilian victims in Dominopol were killed by axes and knives.
The 3D plane which intersects with axes X1 and X2 is the front side of the camera, or principal plane.
Later in the day, a further counter-attack was put in by the enemy on two axes.
This product is where a and b are the semi-major and semi-minor axes respectively.
Few hand axes show evidence of impact damage.
And later, by providing integrators for these two axes, one would then have a full fledged Inertial Navigation System.
Among the axes used were battle axes and single handed axes.
Nevertheless, many weapons such as swords, spears, lances, battle-axes, scimitars, shields, crossbows, and arrowheads have been found in the pits.
It grew to several centimetres in length, and its axes were almost a centimeter across.
North Menan Butte is slightly larger and elliptical, with axes 3.5 and 2.5 km in length.
As shown in figure 19, there are wide tunnels surrounded by the icosahedron arrangement along the a- and b-axes.
Elsewhere at the site, many more stone tools were discovered, including implements such as axes, atlatl components, pestles, and celts.
But, torques not aligned along a principal axis will also cause rotations about other axes.
Accelerometer measures acceleration along X,Y,Z axes of the body part to which it is affixed.
Equal permutation along various axes with equal orders can be combined by adding the factors 2ᵃˣⁱˢ.
Unsuspecting, outnumbered, and surrounded, the Llancarfan army fell to the Thrall's unforgiving axes.
The attack was initially slowed down due to terrain features along the attack axes.
Pottery, burnt stones and broken stone axes were found.
This design would be very effective against the standard weapons of the Asia Minor armies: swords, spears, and light axes.
Solar sails are pivotally mounted wings, capable of rotation on two axes.
The axes of advance for both Eugene and Jellacic intersected at Sankt Michael.
There are additional glide reflections in six distinct directions, whose axes are located halfway between adjacent parallel reflection axes.
The long axes of the feldspar grains show a preferred orientation in some places.
Koxinga ordered soldiers to cut the iron chain by axes, and to set fire to the enemy's wooden rafts.
The primary innovation associated with Acheulean hand-axes is that the stone was worked symmetrically and on both sides.
The dimensions of valence and arousal lay at a 45-degree rotation over these axes.
Meriones, therefore, took all ten double-edged axes, while Teucer bore off the single-edged ones to his ships.
The coordinate axes of Arm1 and Arm 2 are the principal axes such that the inertia tensors are diagonal.
Stone-age tools of flint, in the shape of blades, arrows and axes have been found in the area.
The three main research axes concern: polyelectrolytes, polymers at the interfaces and self-assembly systems.
One team member would throw axes until they hit the target, and then their partner would go.
They fought with spears, javelins, falxes, one-sided battle axes and used "Draco" Carnyxes as standards.
The centres of rotation are not located on the glide reflection axes.
Brachyopterus is distinguished by its small size, compound eyes with axes converging anteriorly on a subtrapezoid to subpentagonal prosoma (head).
The axes range in length from 4 to 5.5 cm, and blade width from 2.8 to 4 cm.
Weapons include black holes, boxing gloves, grenades, chainsaws, baseball bats, chain guns, axes, and freeze rays.
The articular surfaces are elliptical with longer transversal axes.
For the jadeite axes found on the island of Antigua, the second and third may have both applied.
Taylor articulates these moral frameworks in terms of three axes.
San Jorge and Castilla streets are the main axes on the north side of the neighbourhood.
Battle axes were specialized versions of utility axes.
All three gimbals can still rotate freely about their respective axes of suspension.
The axes of the skull and muzzle are parallel, or slightly divergent towards the front.
This group has the same rotation axes as T, but with six mirror planes, each through two 3-fold axes.
Also discovered were crude hammers, axes, grinding tools, antlers, and weapons made of animal bone.
The spacious and imposing buildings are arranged in three main northsouth axes.
They remove trees with traditional tools such as axes or machetes during the dry season and burn the resulting brush.
Finds such as stone axes indicate that the Hunsruck has been settled since the New Stone Age.
Its budget, 11% of the total EU budget is today allocated along three axes.
Taking into account these four axes, Champagne has outlined 11 concrete proposals in order to reform FIFA.
The Arbuthnot Museum in Peterhead houses two stone axes that were found at Cairn Catto in 1885.
In melee combat they used axes and kilijs.
It's a robot whose axes form a cylindrical coordinate system.
The axes, dated from the first through nineteenth centuries, are considered particularly characteristic of the Tsebelda culture.
On the diagonal axes are four chapels lower than those which determine presbytery.
Reeling from the impact, the warriors drew their axes and charged a fourth time.
Hippopedes are bicircular rational algebraic curves of degree 4 and symmetric with respect to both the x and y axes.
There are two standard projections and, defined by and that map the curve onto the coordinate axes.
Included are chainmail armor, helmets, scimitars, yataghans, daggers, matchlocks, lances, pistols, shields, axes, and spears.
However, none of the axes at Mount William have been ground and polished into finished hatchet heads.
One specifies the rectilinear distances of any point from the axes as the coordinates.
However, the kernel gain does not decrease along the eta, tau axes in the ambiguity domain.
On 16 December, Willis moored at the convoy escort piers, Norfolk, where she remained through Christmas.
The ship rejoined Escort Group B3 until she began a lengthy refit in May 1943 that lasted until 8 September.
Beginning in May 1942, Morden was assigned to Mid-Ocean Escort Force escort group C-2.
ISBN 1-85410-588-4Peter Gretton : Convoy Escort Commander (1964).
In February, with JW 57, she attacked and destroyed U-713, one of two dispatched by the escort group.
He had one very short encounter with an Asian-American escort during The Test Dream.
She joined the Western Local Escort Force (WLEF) in late June 1942 after workups.
There, the Earl of Cumberland ordered Monson to escort the Dutch prizes to England with Captain Peter Baily's Golden Noble.
She sailed on 2 May with an escort carrier force that closed Okinawa on 21 May.
Lehmann arrived in Loyal Valley with an escort of soldiers on May 12, 1878, eight years after his capture.
The Escort was Britain's best selling small family car throughout the decade.
After the battle, the squadron helped to escort the crippled battlecruiser Lion home.
Except for a convoy escort voyage to Eniwetok (21 March-15 April), she remained at Pearl Harbor until 29 May.
She served primarily as a convoy escort in the Battle of the Atlantic during the war.
While searching the next day, USS Frederick C. Davis, a destroyer escort in company, was torpedoed and sunk.
Cowra began active service in November 1943 as a convoy escort along the east coast of Australia.
With his new squadron Orr joined HMS Emperor, a Ruler class escort carrier, in December.
Later that month, Convoy PQ 13 was constituted and Duke of York again formed part of the escort force.
Reaching Eniwetok 27 June, she escorted Long Island and other escort carriers to Pearl Harbor, arriving on 5 July.
Reactivated as Strategic Air Command fighter-escort squadron for B-50 Superfortress and B-36 Peacemaker bombers.
The British T-class submarine HMS Turbulent sailed to intercept the convoy, whose escort was reinforced by several aircraft.
This was the only way shorter-ranged destroyers and smaller escorts could be incorporated into the escort scheme.
Alcmene went out as a convoy escort to Newfoundland, before returning to British waters and joining the Channel Fleet.
In June 1942 she was reassigned to the Gulf Escort Force and moved again in September to Newfoundland Force.
He served in the U.S. Navy during World War II, stationed on board the U.S.S. Gunason, a battleship escort.
After training off the West Coast, Little departed Seattle 11 November 1944 to escort a convoy to Pearl Harbor.
Gruppe was a Stuka escort mission to Grodno at 6:00 am, during which Wilcke claimed another victory.
In 1943, the destroyer escort USS Wiseman was named in honor of Lt.
Empire Faun departed from Bari under escort on 31 December and arrived at Ancona, Italy the next day.
USS Niantic (CVE-46), was a US escort carrier, that served in the Royal Navy as HMS Ranee (D03).
The USS Copahee (CVE-12) was a Bogue-class escort carrier that served in the United States Navy during World War II.
They were joined by Navy radar picket destroyer escorts (DERs) of Escort Squadrons 5 and 7.
Escort and screening duties in the Solomon Islands preceded her departure on 19 April for the New Guinea battle zone.
After working up, Candytuft was assigned to the Western Approaches Escort Force for service as a convoy escort.
On 1 January 1955, Athabaskan was assigned to the Second Canadian Escort Squadron of Pacific Command.
Sometimes the wedding party goes on all night and the remaining guests escort the pair home in the morning.
The U.S. Navy destroyer escort USS Eldridge (DE-173) was claimed to have been rendered invisible (or "cloaked") to enemy devices.
He sailed again as part of the escort for a convoy to New York.
Emperor Xuanzong had Gao escort her back to the palace, and thereafter loved her even greater.
The convoy escort ships immediately launched heavy counter-attacks.
After commissioning and sea trials Loch Insh joined the 19th Escort Group at Liverpool in November 1944.
He operated escort missions from Ursel base (Belgium) engaging in several dogfights with British Supermarine Spitfires.
Aguni was an Ukuru-class escort ship of the Imperial Japanese Navy during the Second World War.
Yao Xing sent his general Qi Nan (齊難) with a large force to protect and escort Lu Long to Chang'an.
In 1961, the frigate was a member of the Ninth Canadian Escort Squadron.
But while the RAF fighters were kept busy by the escort, the Dorniers continued without interception.
During the Battle of Midway, she was part of the escort for the Aleutian diversionary force under Admiral Shiro Takasu.
U-359 was attacked by an escort, and lost contact, but the following day, 10 May, contact was regained by U-454.
Wanderer was assigned to antisubmarine patrol and coastal convoy escort duties along the north Bay of Biscay coast.
She is recorded as participating in one escort in early February 1945.
For anti-submarine escort, her minesweeping gear could be exchanged for around 40 depth charges.
In October 1939 the flotilla was reassigned to the Home Fleet, on escort duty from Portland.
For escort work, their minesweeping gear could be exchanged for around 40 depth charges.
The ship was reassigned to the 11th Escort Group in May 1944 in preparation for Operation Overlord.
ON 18 sailed 24 September as the first westbound convoy with American escort.
Other tasks included mine-laying, convoy escort, anti-submarine, supply transport and anti-shipping.
She served primarily as an ocean convoy escort in the Battle of the Atlantic.
Led by Henry Washburn, Nathaniel P. Langford and under U.S. Army escort led by Lt.
That same day, Louis XVIII quit the capital with a small escort at midnight.
The ship was converted to an escort destroyer and sank one submarine during the war.
It is called the Shark, this is a silly version of escort submarine.
The convoy met its local escort on 5 December and arrived in Liverpool later that day.
The 36th through 44th escort groups remained relatively unchanged escorting convoys between Liverpool and Gibraltar and Sierra Leone.
After the November 1968 bombing halt of North Vietnam, the Tigers flew escort for reconnaissance missions over that area.
She returned to Canada in June 1944 for a refit and joined WLEF escort group W-8 upon completion of workups.
On 10 October, Trepang attacked her second convoy, which consisted of a pair of tankers and a single escort.
In June 1942, Vian's force provided escort for the Operation Vigorous convoy from Haifa and Port Said.
In early June, Hayashio deployed from Saipan as part of the troopship escort for the Battle of Midway.
Uhtred is hired to escort a Danish merchant's family north, through Dunholm, to safety.
Maersk Alabama then departed from the area with an armed escort, towards its original destination of the port of Mombasa.
By 1918, they were back on escort duty under Greek colors, mainly in the Aegean Sea.
On 24 July he spotted and engaged a transport with a single destroyer escort.
She served on patrol and escort duty in the eastern North Atlantic Ocean for the remainder of World War II.
From this point, the ship was almost constantly deployed on convoy escort duties in the Far East Station.
She served with C-3 as an trans-Atlantic convoy escort from January 1943 until September when she departed for another refit.
McMahon introduced the guard to an expensive escort at The Jade East Motel located near JFK International Airport.
Accordingly, she joined Rhododendron and the naval trawlers Scoma and Ulva at Milford Haven, Wales, to form Escort Group 139.
The CVH was enlarged to 1.9 L for the North American 1986 model year Escort.
Judge Dredd is assigned to escort safecracker Bax Philo from Brit-Cit to Mega-City One, aboard a supersonic Transatlantic train.
She fought primarily in the Battle of the Atlantic as an ocean escort.
Porter, along with the other escort ships, also demonstrated a torpedo drill by simulating a launch at Iowa.
From March 1943, she was assigned to the Southwest Area Fleet for escort and transport duties.
On the morning of 3 July, Vincennes was passing through the Strait of Hormuz returning from an escort duty.
On outbound convoys, the danger zone escort would escort the convoy to a meeting with the ocean escort at sea.
It saw action as a convoy escort during the Battle of the Atlantic.
Moreover, mothers and (possibly related) adults escort neonates to deter such predation.
The ships were originally conceived as fast fleet or convoy escort ships that could also perform anti-submarine and minesweeping work.
HMS Avenger was a Royal Navy escort aircraft carrier during the Second World War.
Carmel (Hanne Steen): a Spanish escort, who is caught up in Stemroach's kidnapping and loses her memory in the process.
During World War I, Louisiana was employed as a training ship before serving as a convoy escort in late 1918.
Uppsala's methodology is, however, the only one that permits timely annual updates for all conflict-affected countries.
It is America that wants this conflict to go on.
It sees no conflict in trusting God for healing while receiving medical care.
Ethnic conflict and civic life: Hindus and Muslims in India.
Dark Lord characters do not often engage in direct conflict with protagonists.
Armed Conflict and Biodiversity in Sub-Saharan Africa:The Case of the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) (Report).
At the high point of the conflict, over 40,000 British and Commonwealth troops were stationed in Malaya.
The Howard G. Buffett Foundation supports projects in the areas of agriculture, nutrition, water, humanitarian, conservation, and conflict/unaccompanied persons.
Driven insane by his internal conflict, he decides to practice his new routine from the act without protection.
The emperor probably agreed with King Philip II of France, already in conflict with the English king, on Richard's capture.
This violent conflict has roots in the political turmoil arising out of differences over the succession to Muhammad.
In the event of a major conflict, Australia was to serve in a role akin to coastal artillery.
After Hasanwayh's death, conflict broke out between several of his sons.
Human Rights Watch, a U.S.-based group, accused both sides in the conflict of torture and war crimes.
As of February 2013, this remains the longest solely Green Beret battle of the Afghanistan conflict.
He is the author of Canadian Conflict of Laws, the leading Canadian work on the conflict of laws.
The media reported that La Bella believed there was clearly an appearance of a conflict of interest by Reno.
Throughout his tenure, he defended the right of the Fed to take actions that would sometimes conflict with presidential desires.
Antigonus emerged from the conflict as the unchallenged ruler of Macedon and the leading power in Greece.
Fear of communism, extreme revolutionary ideas and ultra-nationalism caused conflict among the new ruling elites.
The end of the conflict saw Italy devastated and considerably depopulated.
Henry considered the Saxon question settled, but the Investiture conflict would quickly undo the peace.
This conflict was to be the catalyst for him immediately leaving the government.
The different strategies resulted in a sharp conflict between the two communist politicians.
It is designed to provide protection in low intensity conflict.
This however brought him into conflict both within his own party as well at Het Parool.
The army arrive on the scene and engage the demonstrators in conflict, finally capturing Jang-hoon and Kyung-min.
Hundreds of thousands of Karen and other ethnic groups have been killed in the conflict.
Elected with the cooperation of the APRA, conflict soon arose between the President and Haya de la Torre.
Conflict between Placidia and Bonifacius started in 429.
The US Dodd-Frank Act was supposed to help bring about the end of conflict diamonds and minerals in the US.
Most represented compromises designed to avert military conflict.
Differences are more a matter of mutual curiosity rather than conflict.
IWDC facilitates the Community Advocate Mentor Program which trains women peace activists from regions moving from conflict to co-existence.
The conflict continued until 1461, when Mehmed asked the Prince to come to Constantinople and negotiate with him.
Embarrassed, the Eisenhower administration quickly ended CIA support for Permesta and withdrew its agents and remaining aircraft from the conflict.
He has been wounded in conflict, captured, and is being held in a prisoner camp in Rock Island, Illinois.
The British Empire (including Nova Scotia) declared itself neutral in the conflict.
An occasion for war: civil conflict in Lebanon and Damascus in 1860.
It is said that about 1000 years ago, the King had a conflict with a Bohemian nobleman.
Conflict between these groups typically occurs when group one becomes passive aggressive or group two becomes outwardly aggressive.
Conflict had arisen between defensive coordinator Buddy Ryan and offensive coordinator Kevin Gilbride.
Siad Barre's flight from the capital, on January 26, 1991, marked a distinct shift in the conflict.
Instead, Pryor merely removes all memory of the conflict.
There is no record of any kind of internal conflict between members.
In many locations, agencies may face unclear or overlapping authority, increasing conflicts and delaying conflict resolution.
Arbitration is best for low intensity conflict, but is the most favored mediation style overall.
However, Bryant and Byrd came into conflict.
In 2014, however, Al-Qaeda and ISIL conflict directly.
The first serious armed conflict of the war took place on February 14.
This conflict was one of the main causes of Cleopatra's fall from power shortly afterward.
Daming's (Chew Chor Meng) wife, Meimei (Pan Lingling), is constantly in conflict with her daughter-in-law, Meizhen (Sora Ma).
In the meantime the conflict had widened out into the War of the Austrian Succession.
Another stand-out track from the EP is "Speak to Me Bones", which also deals with the theme of relational conflict.
Examples of detrimental effects are increased bullying, conflict, stress, staff turnover and absenteeism; reduction in productivity and social responsibility.
Marisa, stretched thin by her obligations and ultimate goals, experiences conflict, but then learns to prioritize her own goals.
Under Otto's successor, King Henry II, the conflict was still smouldering.
The Neva Regiment took heavy losses during the conflict.
The two Nordic countries were in conflict with each other for about five hundred years.
The Drumcree conflict or Drumcree standoff is an ongoing dispute over yearly parades in the town of Portadown, Northern Ireland.
Deerfield's historical novel "The Psy-Warriors," about the Korean conflict was published in 1994.
They had conflict in part because of the slave girl's inexperience at heavy domestic tasks, including laundry.
In the conflict between the two factions several of Ferrers's men were killed.
He often comes to conflict with Therkla when her crush on Elan interferes with Kubota's orders.
This appears to conflict with an article published roughly simultaneously in Science which adopts the previous consensus perspective.
The southern region is primarily drought prone but also affected by insecurity and active conflict.
Since the 16th century there has been sectarian conflict of varying intensity between Roman Catholics and Protestants in Ireland.
Due to the conflict, there are currently two Libyan embassies in Malta.
This policy, along with other disputes, brought Thebes into conflict with Sparta.
However, he came into conflict with Bhima and died in the conflict.
Although this conflict occurred in what is now Canada, the militias involved were formed mostly of Americans.
The deep southern half was however a Sinhala stronghold in perpetual conflict with the Cholas.
Shlapentokh, Vladimir, and Chliapentokh, Dmitry (1993), Soviet Cinematography, 1918-1991: Ideological Conflict and Social Reality, pp.
After this both Sweden and Novgorod engage in the long conflict over dominance of Karelians and their lands.
However, compulsive buying has negative effects which include financial debt, psychological issues, and interpersonal and marital conflict.
The album was recorded amidst inter-band conflict and failed to chart.
On 27 March 1991, final talks were held in the town of Drietabbetje, effectively putting an end to the conflict.
However, a solution to the conflict is currently still evasive.
Fourth-generation warfare (4GW) is conflict characterized by a blurring of the lines between war and politics, combatants and civilians.
Louis feared a further escalation of the conflict against this formidable coalition.
1990 a report of Meichsner about a conflict between two female philosophers at Cologne university gained nationwide coverage.
Protecting resources as well as attempting to obtain resources are both a cause for conflict.
Legislative acts of parliament in conflict with the Constitution are subsequently annulled by the Constitutional Court.
The conflict ends in a final showdown between Ribbons and Setsuna with the latter's victory.
In the 1980s, the effects of grazing allotments on riparian zones and the fish led to land-use conflict.
One hundred and thirty three international players were killed during the conflict.
The arsonist, calling himself Enfer, continues his rampage of destruction and comes into conflict with the Joker.
Kemp, Adriana, Israelis in conflict: hegemonies, identities and challenges, Sussex Academic Press, 2004, p 155Yuval Azoulay and Yulie Khromchenko (2005-09-04).
Seeing his son serve in such a conflict only resulted in strengthening his own anti-militaristic views further.
Their rivals, the Ekstremi, set the banner on fire and than the conflict broke out.
Post Brothers is expected to convert the former office building into residential apartments or condominiums.
The second part is of those writings inviting other rulers and kings to convert to Islam.
The reason for this murder was because she had refused to convert to Zoroastrianism and wanted to stay Christian.
This had to happen when the bank (Lloyds) refused Blacks' offer to convert them into Blacks and Millets stores.
Convert the whole number to an improper fraction with the same denominator as the fractional part,.
Wilsdorf was an early convert to the wristwatch, and contracted the Swiss firm Aegler to produce a line of wristwatches.
From 2005 university colleges were allowed to convert into universities if they met certain requirements.
He was one of the few pagan leaders of the Carantanians to convert to Christianity.
He is a convert to Roman Catholicism.
Senders convert their messages written with Chinese characters to a sequence of digits according to the codebook.
In both the WO-1 and 3153A strains, the different phases convert spontaneously to the others at a low frequency.
Photochemical carbon dioxide reduction harnesses solar energy to convert CO₂ into higher-energy products.
He was born about the close of the sixth century, and became a convert to Judaism about 615.
Watched by a near-capacity crowd, the visitors Arsenal began the tie more strongly, but failed to convert their chances.
After refusing to convert to Islam, they were executed at Samarra on 6 March 845.
Software "translators" could convert documents between WordStar and MacWrite, among others.
We want to convert them to question who they are, and also question society."
People and non-governmental organisations are pressing hard to convert it into an wildlife sanctuary.
Actuators or solenoids which convert the control unit's electrical output signal into mechanical control movement.
Haxe can automatically convert miles to kilometers, but not the reverse.
NOGS succeeded in Vietnam, but funds to convert more aircraft were not approved.
When the Spaniards arrived in the island one of their first missions was to convert the Tainos into Christianity.
He was the first convert of George Hughes, the puritan vicar of Tavistock.
In Ogden, Utah L.J. meets and marries Mary Dee, daughter of a Mormon convert from the Netherlands.
Her Muslim older brother tried in vain to convert Flora to Islam, eventually surrendering his sister to the authorities.
Games that do not convert are quickly buried.
The One-armed Boxer then proceeds to convert a coffin-maker's shop into an elaborate trap.
The points earned in qualifying runs convert to additional seconds on the solo run timer.
Bahrain was one of the earliest areas to convert to Islam (AD 628).
Thus mozpotools was created to convert the Mozilla DTD and .properties files to Gettext PO.
After this battle the players agreed to convert the game to a Diplomacy-variant rule base.
The Deathloks were then used to hunt down and convert all heroes of the future.
The company started to convert former passenger aircraft into freighters in 1996.
In January 1962, planning permission was granted to convert the mill into a house.
It also catalyzes other reactions that convert enol ethers, dithioacetals, and vinyl sulfides to olefins.
It takes 30 minutes to convert the aircraft on ATR 42, while for ATR 72, it takes 45 minutes.
Existing treatment plants use bacteria that convert ammonium into nitrate.
Any overseas national attempting to acquire Saudi nationality must convert to Islam.
The option exists to convert a RRSP into a RRIF anytime on or before an individual reaches their 71st year.
Petrus Alphonsi, a Spanish Jewish convert to Christianity, popularized this tale in Europe in his collection Disciplina Clericalis.
He attempted, without success, to convert many of his Orthodox subjects to Catholicism by force.
He became the first kicker in Super Bowl history to convert three field goals of 40 yards or more.
It has the ability to convert carbohydrates to butyrate, acetate, carbon dioxide, and molecular hydrogen through fermentation.
These destabilizing tactics eventually forced the LMU to convert to a pure gold standard for its currency (in 1878).
After a preaching tour, which lasted some months, he went to the Dutch Republic, hoping to convert the Dutch.
Jack does not need to eat, as he can convert air pollution into nourishment.
However, she made known to Sebastian her desire to convert to the Church.
Schlumberger Chart SP-2 can then be used to convert Rwe to obtain Rw.
It can convert into a muzzle, a plastic blue bucket filled with water, and a "magic hand."
Houthis militants to Jews: Convert or leave Yemen.
To compare accurately, you must convert all dollar amounts into same-year dollars.
Multiplication by attaches vortices to each electron to convert it into a composite fermion.
He proceeded to convert hundreds of members of his Ohio congregations.
Abdallah Jones, a Welsh-born Muslim-convert terrorist affiliated with jihadists in Pakistan and elsewhere.
These religions are not permitted to proselytize or to try and convert others into their faith.
Typical pyrolysis processes require a water content of less than 40% to suitably convert the biomass to bio-oil.
In 1922, Mark Benson was granted a patent for a boiler designed to convert water into steam at high pressure.
The conversion part comes in when they plan to have Gallicanus convert to Christianity.
For the first time, the Shia could openly convert other Muslims to their movement.
The gunman in the military recruiting center attack, Abdul Hakim Mujahid Muhammad, was black, a Muslim convert, anti-military, and anti-American.
Some reports also show that many of the Chinese Indonesians minority convert to Christianity.
Later that year the IJN decided to convert her to an escort carrier, matching her sisters Taiyo and Un'yo.
The invited speaker that year was Orsetes Brownson, a philosopher and Catholic convert.
On April 1, 1984, she married the widowed German convert Abdulkarim Grimm (1933-2009) and moved to Hamburg with him.
The dispute prompted the family to move again, to Fort Wayne, and convert to the Presbyterian church.
Even if a signal is sent interlaced, an HDTV will convert it to progressive scan.
Lockheed Martin also received a contract to convert existing M30 DPICM GMLRS rockets to the XM31 unitary variant.
She was the daughter of John Purcell Gillespie and Mary Madeleine Miers, the latter a convert to the Church.
The hang glider wing can be replaced with a paraglider wing and requires ten minutes to convert.
His bride, however, was reluctant to convert.
It can also cyclize 2-aminoalcohols to aziridines and to convert α,β-unsaturated carboxylic acids to α,β-unsaturated bromides.
In 1632, this order was expelled from Eritrea for wanting to convert the country (an Orthodox country) to Catholicism.
Church leaders and Christian communities received letters warning them to convert to Islam or face suicide bombings.
They were required to formally convert to be accepted as Jews, because their history was not documented.
The combination of manganese dioxide, cyanide, acetic acid and methanol will convert the aldehyde to a methyl ester.
Similar reactions are used industrially to convert cyclic siloxanes to linear polymers.
Together with Katerina, Hector was aiming to convert the Philippine democratic system into a dynastic reign of monarchs.
Pu Thuam Hang, chief of Khuasak, was the first Christian convert among the Zomi (Chin) in Chin State, Burma.
She attempts to convert Gowanus into a new, gentrified neighborhood called Boerum Hill.
Techniques from control theory convert the task into commands that drive the actuators.
Sambhaji dared Aurangzeb in open court and faltly refused to convert to Islam.
Luteal cells possess the necessary enzymes to convert cholesterol to pregnenolone, which is subsequently converted into progesterone.
There are plans to convert it into a museum.
To refinance the cost, the club planned to convert the money into a 30-year bond financed by banks.
Biocatalysts can be exploited to convert these waste gases to chemicals and fuels as, for example, ethanol.
Whether the Christmas visions would or would not convert Scrooge, they convert us.
Keep can convert text notes into checklists.
Domestic biogas plants convert livestock manure and night soil into biogas and slurry, the fermented manure.
Following the end of the war, the Society helped convert America's wartime industry into a producer of consumer goods.
The Rams couldn't convert on fourth down of their following drive and the Packers took over own downs.
Implant-induced coagulation is similar to the coagulation process done within the body to prevent blood loss from damaged blood vessels.
Scully tells her not to remove the implant.
Also the same year his brother needed his second kidney implant and his older sister died from cancer.
An appropriately sized implant should replace the volume of the globe and leave sufficient room for the ocular prosthesis.
The NYU College of Dentistry has named its periodontal and implant dentistry postgraduate clinical wing in his honor.
In 1982/83 he was the first surgeon to implant an electronic device in the eye of a blind man.
The refractive lensectomy procedure that is used to implant the lenses is simple and allows for fast healing.
Professor Anthony Molteno developed the first glaucoma drainage implant, in Cape Town in 1966.
The implant has to be replaced every year and is implanted subcutaneously in the upper arm.
The compact nature of the subretinal space imposes significant size constraints on the implant.
Belli was representing 800 women in a class action lawsuit against breast implant manufacturer Dow Corning.
This can be corrected by wearing glasses, contact lenses, or by implant of an artificial lens.
Follow-up longitudinal studies of these breast implant patients confirmed the previous findings on the matter.
The surgical procedure most often used to implant the device is called mastoidectomy with facial recess approach (MFRA).
In 2008 he set up the medical technology startup Syntellix, which develops and manufactures a biodegradable implant to cure fractures.
Scadden, LawrenceK.Warwick, B.Hutt, M.Gasson and I.Goodhew,"An attempt to extend human sensory capabilities by means of implant technology", Proc.
Chin augmentation with a chin implant is usually a cosmetic procedure.
The Zygoma implant is available in lengths ranging from 30 to 52.5 mm.
Alternatively, non-chemotherapeutic adjuvants can be implemented to prevent super scarring by wound modulation, such as the ologen collagen matrix implant.
True leg length inequality may sometimes be caused by improper implant selection.
The levonorgestrel implant is a type of long-acting reversible birth control.
In addition to dental implants, Bicon also offers implant-abutments, β-tricalcium phosphate, and other dental restorative materials.
The fund was named after the Scottis' daughter, one of the first patients to undergo pioneering spinal implant surgery.
Propel mometasone furoate implant (trade name Propel), is a bioabsorbable steroid-eluting stent developed by Intersect ENT.
He immediately takes her to Doc Yewll's (Trenna Keating) office to remove the implant before it kills Amanda.
By coating the implant with NPCs, it can reduce the foreign body reaction and improve biocompatibility.
The etonogestrel implant is a type of long-acting reversible birth control.
He has also published a textbook on complications related to surgical dental implant therapy.
Additionally, dentists can further engage in oral surgery procedures such as dental implant placement.
The implant does not require open heart surgery and does not need to be replaced.
An experiment requires an implant step and an anneal step.
It is utilized when the implant is at a different inclination in relation to the proposed prosthesis.
The prosthetic can be controlled by the brain using a direct implant or implant into various muscles.
Even when the lining of the maxillary sinus is perforated by an implant, long term sinusitis is rare.
Periodontists are performing more and more extractions, since they often follow up and place a dental implant.
The IUD provides protection from unintended pregnancies for up to 12 years and the implant for up to 5 years.
In body modification, an implant is a device placed under the human skin for decorative purposes.
For those who became deaf pre-lingually, cross modal plasticity interfered with their ability to process language using a cochlear implant.
This prompts Karamat into starting the proceedings to implant Ahmed as a spy in the Indian Army.
Optimal implant positioning and soft tissue management for the Branemark system (in english).
It seems to the narrator that his "French implant" has made him an outcast, even among women.
Wolffe is distinguished by a scar running through his eye and a silver cybernetic eye implant.
Resulting from his work 10 implant technologies were brought into clinical evaluation in humans.
Ultrasound biomicroscopy and optical coherence tomography imaging of filtering blebs after deep sclerectomy with new collagen implant.
The sustainable implant is a synthesis of techniques for sustainable processing of urban flows within an ecological processing device.
For individual tooth replacement, an implant abutment is first secured to the implant with an abutment screw.
93,000 persons worldwide received an ASR implant, making it likely that DePuy will face many thousands of lawsuits.
Jacques Puel (1949-2008), the first Rodez cardio-surgeon to implant a coronary stent, in 1986.
Segesterone acetate is only weakly active orally, and is instead given as a subcutaneous implant.
Reports on implant research at Technology ReviewSuccessful photoreceptor transplantation, MIT Technology Review, November 2006.
The implant consists of 60 electrodes, each 200 microns in diameter.
Risk Factors in Implant Dentistry: Simplified Clinical Analysis for Predictable Treatment.
Hamilton was later able to successfully alter the implant, allowing Jose to take control of his life again.
Unlike a telescope which would be hand-held, the implant moves with the eye which is the main advantage.
Chris and Mari chose to have cochlear implant surgery performed on their infant, Peter.
Matt starts manifesting the ability to implant suggestions in others' minds.
The proteins surrounding the implant serve to "hide" the implant from the innate immune system.
Breast implant-associated anaplastic large-cell lymphoma: long-term follow-up of 60 patients.
After cutting the implant pocket, the surgeon then de-epithelializes the B-pedicle.
In 1991, he developed a technique for ear reconstruction utilizing a porous polyethelene implant.
After the match, the debuting Kharma attacked Michelle with an Implant Buster.
This property is also useful for orthopedic implant applications.
However, there is no evidence to suggest that the implant has a negative effect on pregnancy or a developing fetus.
There are three groups of sustainable implant criteria: environmental, spatial, and user-related.
On the way back to Com-Mine, Angus activates Morn's zone implant, allowing him to repeatedly rape and abuse her.
After insemination, the blastocyst does not implant into the uterine wall of the female.
The same procedure is used in the segmental fasciectomy with cellulose implant.
The most basic simplification can be to divide implant types into two main groups: non-integrated (non-porous) and integrated (porous).
Secondary implantation of IOL (placement of a lens implant as a second operation) may be considered later.
The area is then exposed to an alternating magnetic field, which causes the implant and surrounding area to heat up.
He can now make out the direction of white lines on a computer screen using the retinal implant."
Hip replacement is a surgical procedure in which the hip joint is replaced by a prosthetic implant.
The medication that is used in order to stop puberty comes in two forms: injections or an implant.
The Retina Implant AG device contains 1500 microphotodiodes, allowing for increased spatial resolution, but requires an external power source.
Complete implant vascularization reduces the risk of infection, extrusion, and other complications associated with nonintegrated implants.
The surgeon removes the vitreous humor and any membranes on the retina where the implant will be placed.
Like why is it so easy to divert thoughts and implant others?
Cultured pearls are the response of the shell to a tissue implant.
He has performed over 2300 cochlear implant surgeries.
To prevent these complications, an implant made out of alloplastic material could be considered.
Their code forbids them to have the requisite implant or to sell memories.
The crystalline lens capsule is retained and used to contain and position the intraocular lens implant (IOL).
The graduate residency program offers training in Periodontology and Implant dentistry.
At present there are no preventative measures known; treatment is by hearing aid or surgical implant.
Electric acoustic stimulation (EAS) is the use of a hearing aid and a cochlear implant together in the same ear.
The two most common versions are the single-rod etonogestrel implant and the two-rod levonorgestrel implant.
For adolescents who need highly effective contraception that is user- and coitus-independent, the implant is an outstanding choice.
Miller's own grandmother, Grace Shumaker, was the first recipient of a Biomet hip implant.
Since the Cochlear implant is in fact brain surgery, it destroys the cochlea in the process of implantation.
In previously augmented patients, aesthetic outcomes cannot be ensured without removing the implant and performing mastectomy.
In such mixtures decomposition of the peroxide can initiate exothermic radical polymerization of the vinyltrimethoxysilane.
The use of a laser to initiate a carbon-doped explosive via a fiber optic.
Clients therefore initiate communication sessions with servers which await incoming requests.
It is passed in code to an underlying driver or provider in order to initiate the connection.
Afterwards, the initiate had to buy the other members a round of drinks.
Mature stromata eject meiotically derived spores (ascospores), which are ejected into the atmosphere and initiate new plant infections (horizontal transmission).
Characters begin as lay members and progress through a series of membership levels, such as initiate or Rune Lord.
The inhibited form is described as "a failure to initiate or respond.
However, radiation induced-breaks can also initiate recombination in mutants deleted for this spo11 homolog.
In turn, Lakerbaia denied having made the statement and declared that he would initiate a defamation action against Tarba.
Instead, the council voted to initiate a joint organizing drive similar to the failed 1919 campaign.
The firm may also initiate a recall voluntarily, perhaps subject to the same regulations as if the recall were compulsory.
His first act was to initiate the float of a loan on 27 January 1868 to cover army pensions.
These incidents led Israel to initiate the Second Lebanon War, which lasted through August 2006.
He was the first to initiate the company's exports to France and Italy.
Maroon released a demo cassette in 1999 entitled The Initiate although all four songs can be found on later releases.
ABP is essential to concentrating testosterone in levels high enough to initiate and maintain spermatogenesis.
When the peroxide is mixed with the resin, it decomposes to generate free radicals, which initiate the curing reaction.
Sustainability mini-grants also provide students with opportunities to initiate contributions to campus sustainability efforts.
He also helped initiate a biomass to methanol project for the Center.
To initiate a renaissance in recognizing the proud history of Assyrian civilization as the cornerstone of Iraq and world civilization.
They would initiate very limited amounts of social interactions, and would respond only to direct social approaches from others.
Spores do not germinate easily, needing a treatment of temperature, chemicals or a combination of the two to initiate germination.
Engineers can haul resources, initiate the construction of new buildings, and repair and dismantle buildings.
He shall be the one and only one to destroy the Kaliyuga and initiate the holy and divine Satya Yuga.
State legislatures cannot initiate any Bill or proposal for amendment of the Constitution.
The absence of specific flight crew training in flight simulators to initiate a go-around when below landing decision height.
To their right, the initiate is in a panic.
UDP-xylose is then used to initiate glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis on the core protein of proteoglycans.
The couple is acknowledged as among the first to initiate mission efforts in the Japanese immigrant community in America.
The plan was to initiate a pincer movement to encircle and destroy the 3rd US Army.
Ukrpryroda's regional organizations initiate community service days where communities clean their territories.
The initiate "puts on Christ" (Galatians 3:27), and is "buried with him in baptism.
Magdeburg's Raugust, Seguin and Decker were often able to initiate counter-attacks.
SWAT arrived on the scene shortly thereafter, while a negotiator attempted to initiate contact with Penley.
Sharif took steps to initiate Islamization and conservatism at once.
In bed, Steve tries to initiate sex, but Irene says she doesn't feel very sexy.
Infrared triggers would initiate various mp3-encoded audio segments as they passed.
The Council can initiate, design, develop, plan, execute and monitor all research activities.
PLCγ can also initiate the NF-κB pathway.
The purpose of the Board is to initiate and coordinate the activities of the Society.
When there is an interaction between the two, the infant would be the one to initiate it.
Shareholder derivative suits permit a shareholder to initiate a suit when management has failed to do so.
They initiate a prison riot to distract the guards.
Inovio has the intent to initiate a phase I/IIa clinical study in the fourth quarter of 2013.
School resource officer The SRO program is meant to initiate more positive contact between police and youth.
However, they were crippled with fear, forcing Galvatron to initiate the attack on Unicron himself.
Variations of these factors will initiate dynamic modifications to the ecosystem.
In February 1940, the FCC asked the United States Department of Justice to initiate an investigation into the program.
Upon depositing within the aneurysm, the coils expand and initiate a thrombotic reaction within the aneurysm.
The secret "Poro" society is for men while "Sande" society for women both of whom initiate the young into adulthood.
Once the electric field is turned on, protein migration will initiate.
There was nothing to suggest Horton was evading police, or that police got near enough to initiate a criminal pursuit.
In addition there are modulatory loops that initiate, modify or specify this mediation (Ewert 2004).
She then served during the American Revolutionary War, where she helped initiate the Battle of Bunker Hill.
When the initiate returns, he enacts his cannibalistic possession symbolically.
Certain inflammatory chemokines activate cells to initiate an immune response or promote wound healing.
In addition, the Centre would initiate surveys/studies to document the ills of the present system.
The sensors help to detect temperature changes quickly to report the fact to initiate preventive measures.
Aluminum electrolytic capacitors are conditioned when manufactured by applying a voltage sufficient to initiate the proper internal chemical state.
For instance, encountering a feared object like a snake may initiate the fight-or-flight response and cause fear.
The International Genomics Consortium was awarded the contract to initiate the BCR for the pilot project.
TWRs use only a small amount (~10%) of enriched uranium-235 or other fissile fuel to "initiate" the nuclear reaction.
Governor may initiate community service projects to help the members of the division become more involved.
She helped initiate voter registration campaigns and identify other local grievances.
Restriction of the amino acid methionine, which is required to initiate protein synthesis, is sufficient to extend lifespan.
Price wars are easy to initiate but usually very expensive for companies.
This pass is especially effective in helping to initiate a fast break.
That could initiate a continuation of representational painting."
However, other types of DNA damage may also initiate recombination.
Since 1996 a replica "pancake bell" situated at Newborough and North Street has been rung to initiate the day's festivities.
As a result, the Senate does not have the power to initiate bills imposing taxes.
Vulnerability predisposes individuals to a disorder, but does not initiate the disorder.
The Eudiaque Order, an initiate spiritual society, where the main objective consisted in magnifying the human person.
However, unexpected events force Koenig to initiate Operation Exodus.
In 1999, the former Northern Municipality Local Council began to initiate formal development in the area.
It requires bishops throughout the Church to initiate biblical studies for lay people.
These activist investors initiate sales processes or hold back support from ongoing mergers in attempts to solicit a higher bid.
Silane is also used in supersonic combustion ramjets to initiate combustion in the compressed air stream.
Ribosomes engage this nascent mRNA and initiate translation of the leader peptide.
In 1981, the CDF was "unfavorable to the events" and responded that it would not initiate a new examination.
The ONDCP's independent studies indicate that "youth exposed to Above the Influence are more likely to initiate drug use."
The first ruler to initiate the building of palaces was King Houegbadja who had founded the city.
However, NCTE may also initiate the process of withdrawal of recognition to these colleges.
To initiate the program, the Maryland state senate purchased ten Mud Machines from the Ellicott brothers.
When the lung expands, the receptors initiate the Hering-Breuer reflex, which reduces the respiratory rate.
The purchaser then may need to initiate a quiet title action to remove any clouds to the title.
The mast cells release histamine and heparin which help initiate the inflammatory response.
When 2 AEDs regimens have failed to produce sustained seizure-freedom, it is important to initiate other treatments to control seizures.
The user puts the operator on a brief hold to initiate a three-way call with the hearing person.
He was also a delegate to the Democratic National Convention at St. Louis, Missouri in 1888.
On 19 March 2014, the first female SGP delegate was elected to the municipal council in Vlissingen.
He served as a delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1908.
That year he was also appointed the first foreign delegate of the Ibn Sino Public Foundation of Uzbekistan.
She served as president of her local party branch, and was a delegate to the party's state conference.
Donors to the Foundation can delegate their funding to a chapter's 21st Century Fund.
As Apostolic Delegate in China Zanin did not have the rank of a Vatican ambassador to the Chinese government.
She was a delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1936, 1940, 1944, and 1948.
In January 2009, Director Carlo Ratti represented the Lab as a delegate to the World Economic Forum in Davos.
Massachusetts and Georgia had each one delegate of their respective four present on the 25th.
He was a delegate from Wilmington to the 1996 Democratic National Convention in Chicago.
Rockefeller was a delegate to the 1936 Republican National Convention.
He went as a delegate to a White House conference about conservation by Theodore Roosevelt.
Backus served as a delegate from Middleborough to the Massachusetts ratifying convention, which ratified the United States Constitution in 1788.
In 1846 he was the delegate of the Iowa Constitutional Convention.
This plan was approved by the Delegate of the government-in-exile and by the Polish underground parliament (Krajowa Reprezentacja Polityczna).
As a delegate to the U.S. Constitutional Convention of 1787, he was a signer of the United States Constitution.
He was a delegate to the New York State Constitutional Convention of 1867.
Complicating matters somewhat, before the 1960 census, delegate districts were not numbered.
He was affiliated with the Republican Party, and was a delegate at the 1860 Republican National Convention.
Harlan's support was rewarded, and he was elected a delegate to the 1872 Republican National Convention.
He was quickly joined by Delegate Brian Moran who announced on January 3, 2008.
The husband can delegate the right of repudiation to his wife.
Karcher was a delegate to the Democratic National Convention in both 1984 and 1988.
He was chosen a delegate to the National Democratic Convention on the gold platform in 1896.
In Indiana, Harding finished fourth, with less than ten percent of the vote, and failed to win a single delegate.
Naide served as a delegate to the first synod of the Anglican Church in Japan in 1887.
He served as delegate to the Democratic National Conventions in 1896 and 1904.
In 2005, former state delegate Chap Petersen joined the firm as a partner.
He was a delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1932, 1936, 1940, 1944, and 1948.
He was a delegate to the Union National Convention in 1866.
He was a delegate to the International Missionary Conference in Jerusalem, 1928.
The board of medicine affords Anesthesiologist's the right to delegate the responsibilities of their realm of practice to qualified individuals.
Each is represented by a non-voting delegate.
Perry received no delegate votes at the convention.
Following the War, he was elected as a delegate to South Carolina's convention to ratify the United States Constitution.
Carcetti meets with Wilson, State Delegate Odell Watkins and Gerry to discuss their first move in office.
He served as delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1908.
Delegate Mason Mathews from Greenbrier County instead attended the Virginia General Assembly in Confederate Richmond.
104 of 1956 which include the faculty to appoint officers and to delegate functions.
He was an alternate delegate to the 1912 Democratic National Convention.
Conover was a delegate to the State constitutional convention in 1868.
He was a delegate to the 1936 Republican National Convention.
He is a Republican who first won election in 2009, defeating incumbent Democratic Delegate Bobby Mathieson in the general election.
She served as a federal delegate from the state of Guanajuato to the 53rd Mexican legislature.
He was a delegate at the Arkansas Constitutional Convention in 1868.
He served as delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1904 and 1908, and was elected as chairman in 1904.
System P servers with PowerVM enabled allow LPARs with shared CPUs to delegate their unused cycles into the shared pool.
Delegate Lawton was born in Muskogee, Oklahoma on May 24, 1944.
In November 2000 he was Nigeria's delegate to the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change held in the Netherlands.
Virginia House of Delegates; Benjamin L. ClineBen Cline for Delegate.
He was a delegate to the Fifth Ecumencial Conference, London, England, 1921.
He served as delegate to the Arkansas constitutional convention in 1867.
His grandfather, Judge Simplicio Sempio del Rosario, was a delegate to the Malolos Congress.
He was a delegate to the 1964 Democratic National Convention, and chairman of the state Democratic party from 1964-1970.
Notwithstanding any such concerns, Preckwinkle was an Obama delegate at the 2008 Democratic National Convention.
Neusa (Heloise Périssé), the parent sister Batoré delegate (Osmar Prado), is envied by all women of Brogodo.
This applies to a delegate from a non-binding primary or caucus election, as in Iowa, Colorado, Minnesota, Maine, and Washington.
For a period he was the delegate visitor for the Sector of India.
Space received 103 of the 158 delegate votes cast, defeating Bader Qarmout, John Wroblewski, and Mark Quick.
He served as delegate from Mobile to the State constitutional convention in 1861.
He was a delegate to the 1844 Whig National Convention.
The joint council was, however, permitted to delegate functions to either of the individual county councils.
Only the District Attorney can delegate the responsibility of investigating homicides to another party.
In 1976, Griffin ran as an alternate delegate to the Democratic National Convention, pledged to U.S. Rep.
The winner was chosen as the official delegate of the Philippines to the Miss World pageant.
Another Mexican delegate reported 1,000 free beds for maternity service in Mexico City.
James Bayard was a delegate to the 1860 Democratic National Convention, and Thomas attended with him.
Zaleski became the Apostolic Delegate to India, Burma and Ceylon and took up residence in Kandy.
In 1927, he was the Cuban delegate to the League of Nations.
He was a delegate to Democratic National Convention from Connecticut, 1876 and a member of the Resolutions Committee.
Holman was a delegate to the League of Nations Assembly in 1930.
Ruhlmann SJ and accompanied by the Archbishop of Winnipeg, Arthur Alfred Sinnott and the Apostolic Delegate to Canada, Peregrine Stagni.
He was also a delegate to Imperial Conference in 1930.
She was a UK delegate to the Council of Europe in Strasbourg, and the Western European Union from 1967-74.
He served as delegate to the Union National Convention at Philadelphia in 1866.
He was a delegate from Kentucky to the 1912 Republican National Convention.
Inase agreed to delegate testing to grain exchanges.
The school delegate was sent to London and won the international level competition.
He was also a delegate to the 1924 Republican National Convention.
He served as delegate to the Democratic National Conventions in 1924, 1928, 1932, 1952, and 1960.
He also served as Senegal's ambassador to the United States and delegate to the United Nations.
The primary had no impact on the Democratic Party delegate selection process.
Liebel was a delegate to five Democratic National Conventions.
Many anti-statists believe that the act of voting itself symbolizes delegate power that they themselves cannot possess.
In 1908-9 he was a delegate to the Closer Union Convention.
The non-voting delegate to the United States House of Representatives from the District of Columbia is elected for two-year terms.
Therese Alberta (Parkinson) Jenkins, delegate from Wyoming, cast the first vote by a woman for president.
Brassard was a wine merchant, a Radical Party executive committee delegate affiliated with Freemasonry and director of l'Agence spéciale parisienne.
During the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm, Levin served as the Assistant Technical Delegate for the athletics competition.
Bertuzzi offered $350,000 to settle the case, an amount which was called "an insult" by Moore's lawyer.
Genda refuses to comply and continues to insult Chulbul.
Being jobless his brothers and their wives insult him often and make him to do ruthless works for their sake.
The Giants added further insult to injury with a four-run seventh.
This prompts Ann to insult Leslie for moving too slow with Ben (Adam Scott), whom Leslie is attracted to.
The Irish audience identified closely with the Catholic church, and any slur on it was an insult to them.
She cannot resist even a single inch of insult of her parents.
It is often stated that a flag upside down is a form of distress signal or even a deliberate insult.
Man Singh took this as an insult to Akbar and himself.
They were brought together by their hatred for Homer and begin to insult him.
George III took this as a personal insult, and as a result disliked Coke until his death.
She saw this as an insult, as the Shokan and Centaurs have long been mortal enemies.
He was also known to be very prejudiced, to make threatening remarks, and to insult people of other races.
So he always has to insult girls to make them run off before it gets to it.
This is probably intended to insult Gilbert as a traitor to the King.
When Rick accuses Johnny of harboring a prejudice against whites, Johnny sends him away with an insult.
Now that's what you might call adding insult to injury.
Acquired Horner syndrome may result after trauma, neoplastic insult, or even vascular disease.
Shahrbanou Amani, a female Iranian parliamentarian, called the idea of establishing Chastity House as "an insult and disrespectful to women."
The phrase originated in gay male culture in the United States and was historically an insult.
Jules Dreyfus-Brodsky and Marcus Cohen sued them for insult to Jewish honor.
An "insult the hero" competition is also taking place and the winner is yet to be announced.
It is a disgrace and an insult to British Asian actors.
His insult angered several Mexicans, charging on horseback.
It was also an unthinking or calculated insult to Mr Thomas, who spent nine years in prison before being pardoned".
Wanker is a term that literally means "one who wanks (masturbates)" but has since become a general insult.
Associating a man with something feminine and calling him girl or sissy is usually considered an insult.
However, he accepted the gift to conserve funds and to not insult the Sister Concetta.
When she went there, her father compounded the insult by totally ignoring her presence and vilifying Shiva.
It has the same euphemistic value as "lady" in English: sometimes flattery, sometimes subtle insult.
This was seen as an affront and insult to Genghis Khan.
This in turn led Hearne in his diary to insult Pope's lack of scholarship.
He also said he has many Azeri friends and had no purpose and no reason to insult them.
Triumph, the Insult Comic Dog began as part of a sketch on Late Night.
His daughter Jen said: "He saw hunger and poverty as an insult to America."
Polina dares him to insult the aristocratic couple and he does so with little hesitation.
Enraged, Rajiv Lochan Ray vowed to take revenge of this insult and destroy the Jagannath temple at Puri.
He arms himself with a double-barreled shotgun at his crypt, determined to kill Buffy for this insult.
Tla-o-qui-aht and his warriors had attacked the ship in revenge for an insult by the ship's captain.
The Story Behind Campaign '82's Favorite Insult".
Berlusconi claimed the article contained "a series of old accusations" that was an "insult to truth and intelligence".
This made it a criminal offence to insult the founders or leaders of any religious community.
This started off as an insult but grew into a kind of cute and affectionate nickname.
The use of the term "boy" has not always been used as an insult.
Sewell was strongly opinionated and was known to insult the general public for their views on art.
After K is defeated and he begins to insult him and calling him a failure, K kills him.
Emery hurls an insult at Derrick and the two fight.
Kunz continued to complain and insult Frederick until Frederick banished him from the lands.
Monocytes enter the artery wall from the bloodstream, with platelets adhering to the area of insult.
To add insult to injury, users also disliked the appearance and the look and feel of first-generation online calendars.
After being greeted, Vince begins to insult Eminem.
Jim then withdraws the insult and says that Andy is just "stupid".
The Indian Muslim community demanded a law against insult to religious feelings.
Schemp and Mo never get tired of trying to insult and outdo each other.
The Romans were unimpressed with this defensive strategy and at first gave Fabius his epithet Cunctator as an insult.
The New York media portrayed the offer as an insult.
As prisoners now, they are given no special treatment while the crew, Styles included, performs "Yankee Doodle" as an insult.
With unbearable insult, pain, grief and anger she destroyed everything she saw.
In the earliest example, the Taiheiki historical epic records bakamono 馬鹿者 being used as an insult in 1342.
Being called a coward or effeminate, was considered the greatest insult of all to a man's honor.
To call the characters cardboard is to insult a useful packing material".
Maia got annoyed at this, leading him to insult Carlos in the following rehearsals until his bandmate left the group.
The British Foreign Office minister Denis MacShane condemned the report as "an insult to the memory of those who died.
The story of a proud woman, her poetic vindication of unfair social insult, and her inevitable sad destiny.
The Art of the South African Insult.
Proprioceptive insult hypothesis: focuses on articular alterations causing hyperactivity of the sensory nerve fibers.
Admirers of the late princess were furious about the planned exhibition and consider it an insult to her memory.
The crown prince considered that insult to the governor unacceptable and summoned Khosro Khan to Tabriz.
Will Sukhi ever get over his insult at the hands of his former friend, Dhanwant?
Military opponents of de Herrera, supported by populist newspapers, considered Slidell's presence in Mexico City an insult.
He stated that "it literally pokes fun for not having parents", and stopped playing when he first heard the insult.
It is sometimes pronounced "Hafsi" and is considered an insult.
In one episode of The Muppet Show, he begged the other audience members not to insult his cousin Fozzie.
Trumbo, too, accuses of her of cheating at cards after losing to Lily, an insult she promises not to forget.
Face and Subtle believe that the Spaniard speaks no English and they insult him.
That no Christian should enter the house of a Muslim, or insult him in any way.
Vowing to take revenge against the insult, the minister goes in search of a foolish groom.
But he also displays genuine courage, rebuking insolent travellers who insult Jessie's honour.
Zheng regarding the fields as just any other piece of land was an insult to the court.
By way of metaphor, "Parthian shot" also is used to describe a barbed insult, delivered as the speaker departs.
Derry activist Eamonn McCann wrote that the march, "was regarded as a calculated insult to the Derry Catholics".
We won't allow this insult to our religion!"
Opponents have called the bank's involvement a 'disgrace' and an 'insult' to the millions who have suffered human rights abuses.
Note: Constructive criticism should be based on logic and reason and void of insult, humiliation and detrimental effects.
Taking insult when the head monk calls his work "fiction", Lovecraft insists that all his writings are true.
Unbeknownst to King, the crowd mic was on and Bill's insult went over the airwaves.
Catherine was the aunt of Charles V, the Holy Roman Emperor, and he took the annulment as a personal insult.
African Americans successfully sued the Memphis Street Railway Company for personal injury and racial insult.
Given the interociter's status as something beyond the current understanding of technology, it is unclear how this constitutes an insult.
They plot to have Massey insult Lorna so that they can shoot Colt when he goes to defend her.
Let It Bleed (1969) was their first of five consecutive number one studio and live albums in the UK.
An expert panel provided advice to the contestants throughout the series, and provided comments during the live shows.
Dead End recorded their live video Psychoscape here on September 24, 1988.
However, Vasant reconciles with his son and allows him to live life the way he wants.
The doctors estimated Pausch had three to six months of good health left to live.
The live version of "Da Doo Ron Ron" features the band The Crystals backing up Cassidy.
The live recording was engineered by Brett Gurewitz, the head of Epitaph Records and a member of Bad Religion.
Tanaka continues Gentouki as a solo project with live support members.
He thought the Stoics' desire for a "lack of feeling" foolish: they would live a "sluggish, enervated life", he said.
Tomando Control: Live (English: Taking Control) is a live album by Puerto Rican duo Wisin & Yandel.
Meetings of the Legislative Assembly are broadcast live on the local radio station, the Falkland Islands Radio Service.
Roughly half of them live in Gauteng.
Let's just put them in costume because they normally live in the cold.'
As of 2016 there were 443,862 stateless people in Thailand who were born in Thailand and live there.
The victims pick up a ringing phone and are told by a mysterious voice how long they have to live.
It was recorded live during their K.F.D. World Tour in 1997.
Their daughter, Anne Marie, and two grandchildren live in Maui, Hawaii.
With the money left by the rich man's mouse, the two live happily ever after.
In addition, television service will also stream live program content on iPad and Android tablet computers.
129, with Eugene Ormandy conducting the Festival orchestra1954: At Prades (all live performances), including:Beethoven: Cello Sonata No.
To live directly across from the sea.
Rockridge was listed by Money Magazine in 2002 as one of the "best places to live".
The album, titled "Live at the Club 47", was recorded in Cambridge, Massachusetts in 1963.
Performance and Cocktails: Live at Morfa Stadium is a 1999 DVD released by Welsh Rock trio, Stereophonics.
Anders retired from acting in 1972 in order to "live a normal life."
In the mangrove in Ha Pak Nai live various species, which is highly conserved by environmentalists.
When Kayla confesses that she lied, Tom sends her to live with her grandparents.
Chabba and Flopp are two 'odd sock characters' who live in the sock drawers, apparently unnoticed by the other characters.
It includes Norton Disk Doctor, Norton Speed Disk, Norton System Information, Norton System Doctor, Norton Protection/UnErase, Live Update.
Its story is about a "turn-of-the-20th-century" village whose residents live in fear of the creatures inhabiting the woods beyond it.
Claire was adopted by Cécile's husband after her marriage, and she eventually returned to live in France as an adult.
The results show is recorded directly after the live show.
Planned tracks included live versions of "Mexico" and its B-side (the Kantner-penned "Have You Seen the Saucers?"
This includes live music and local music tracks.
In heaven he will live as long as Visakha and Sakka (DA.iii.740).
30,000 live flies were then "dumped" onto him during filming.
Roddy Piper also appeared with Blaustein on Larry King Live to discuss the professional wrestling business.
Alter Bridge: Live at Wembley is the second concert film and live album by the rock band Alter Bridge.
And I know their live show will be up to the task as well, having seen Mr. Fury many times.
It may or may not have live culture remaining in the cheese after manufacture depending on the specific process.
Mere is the first live album by Norwegian rock band deLillos.
Most Haunted Live visited the castle on March 26, 2010.
He also has a tendency to eat live animals.
She was replaced by Nancy Skinner, who was broadcast live until the closure of On Second Thought.
The same year, Cardoso, the band's live keyboardist since 2011, joined as a full-time member.
The band first performed the song live on Radio 1 at Maida Vale studios with Annie Mac.
One episode included a live performance of "My Little Angel" by William Shakespeare.
Kingdom is the third live album from Covenant Worship.
CCTV, SMG and Sina became league partners and will broadcast live matches on TV and online across the country.
New live shows and recordings are being planned for 2009.
Both the second television series and the live action series were broadcast in 1080i HDTV.
There is a large and growing number of "fulltimers": people who live full-time in their RV/motorhome.
This was far below the openings of other talking-animal live-action films and a loss for the studio.
Released in fall 2010, this is a WD TV Live device with an internal 1 TB storage disk.
Kyle threatens Roxy to let him live in her hotel or he'll tell Rex who his father really is.
They may live in the open ocean in between the two areas, but no observations have been made.
It contains many aspects of animation composed with live action.
Towards the end of the year he also played three live dates showcasing the material from Through These Eyes.
It mirrored many of KVST's objectives including the mobile bus to cover distant events live.
They are described as stupid, vicious and live in violent matriarchies with a religious emphasis on devouring.
The show concluded with the band's first public live performance at The Dome at the Dortmunder Westfalenhalle in February 2001.
However, only about 43% of the ger district residents in Ulaanbaatar actually live in gers.
Rajinder also has two elder sisters who live in New Delhi.
In mid-1971, Obama moved back to Hawaii to live with his grandparents and attend Punahou School starting in fifth grade.
Muse has also released two live albums, HAARP (2008) and Live at Rome Olympic Stadium (2013), and a compilation album.
Smaller Kashmiri communities also live in other regions of the Jammu and Kashmir state.
The slogan and theme of Live in Unity are "We Stand As One" and to "Live in Unity".
The May 8 performance was broadcast nationally on Live from Lincoln Center on PBS.
Most of the city's Christians, unwilling to live under Moslem rule, abandoned their homes and resettled in Christian Cyprus.
The concert was also released as a live VHS and DVD.
Jacques now only has 12 hours to live.
Later, Queen recorded a third live version of the song at Wembley Stadium, London, in 1986.
The live BBC 1 trailer was directed by John Rooney.
In total, Live Aid raised over £150 million for famine relief.
However, now that live shows have ceased this never happened.
Live oaks drop their leaves immediately before new leaves emerge in the spring.
Also, hosts are required to perform hours of "free live chat" in which they are not paid.
They currently live in Los Angeles and have two children.
Around the release of "Glowing in the Dark", Mike Simmons played live as a third keyboardist.
Members of the genus live solitarily, with the exception of the time cubs spend with their mothers.
Both Therion's and Epica's performances were released as a live album in 2009 by Nuclear Blast Records.
The pair also started singing live for the first time, Schneider processing his voice with a vocoder live.
Today, about 235 Good Samaritan Sisters live and minister throughout Australia and in Japan, the Philippines and Kiribati.
As of 2010, his total live tournament winnings exceed $5,375,000.
LiveTalk is used for Live audio streaming of events over a phone call.
Samson and Delilah are two 14-year-olds who live in an Aboriginal community near Alice Springs.
He has collaborated with Matthew Rohrer on live improvised poems, collected in the book Nice Hat.
Their next live concert is scheduled for 2014.
Twisted Metal III received generally negative reviews from critics, with an aggregate score of 48.97% on GameRankings.
He is technically intangible, as his body is merely an aggregate of tiny forms.
The film holds a 93% "Certified Fresh" rating on review aggregate Rotten Tomatoes, based on 50 critic reviews.
In some cases, aggregate risk exists due to institutional or other constraints on market completeness.
Grand Final decided by aggregate scores over two legs.
Groundwater aquifer dewatering to lower the water table for access to additional aggregate would be allowed.
Metacritic reports an "mixed to average" aggregate score of 59 out of 100 based on 13 critical reviews.
Their aggregate emissions were 0.1 billion tonnes, with per capita emissions of 5.1 tonnes.
The film's aggregate score at Metacritic is 64 out of 100.
Environmental stress can cause proteins to misfold and aggregate.
The game was generally well-received, garnering an aggregate score of 79/100 on Metacritic, based on twenty-one reviews.
In the play-off round Levski was eliminated by Debreceni VSC with 4:1 (on aggregate).
Females form maternity colonies (also known as summer maternity roosts) while males aggregate in non-maternity, or bachelor colonies.
The tree bears its fruit, which are aromatic, cone-like, aggregate infructescenses, about 4 cm in length, in July and August.
The series received negative to mixed reviews from critics, scoring a 41 out of 100 on aggregate reviewer Metacritic.
Later played the promotion match against Envigado FC, but lost by a score of 3-1 on aggregate.
The team that win in aggregate score will advance to the final.
Brain Age: Concentration Training received average critical reviews, gaining aggregate scores of 73.33% and 71/100 on GameRankings and Metacritic, respectively.
The game received an average score of 67.35% at GameRankings, based on an aggregate of 17 reviews.
On Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregator, Bulletproof Monk has an aggregate score of 23% based on 131 reviews.
The top two teams then met in a two-leg home-and-away Championship, where the winner was determined by aggregate goals.
The final is decided over two legs, with aggregate goals used to determine the winner.
He had 6 caps, from 1994 to 1999, scoring 1 try, 5 points on aggregate.
SeqA tetramers are able to aggregate or multimerize in a reversible, concentration-dependent manner.
POSCO Atoms won the 1986 K League by the aggregate score of 2-1.
Estudiantes then engaged Manchester United F.C. for the 1968 Intercontinental Cup, which it won 2-1 on aggregate.
Metacritic gives it an aggregate score of 52.
The churning allows the smaller droplets of oil released by the milling process to aggregate and be more easily separated.
An Australian Research Council project is currently underway to aggregate and digitise the original Spencer and Gillen collection.
England won 2-0 on aggregate and qualified for the UEFA U21 Championships in 2013 in Israel.
Metacritic gave the PS4 version an 83/100 aggregate score and the Xbox One version an 82/100 aggregate score.
On review aggregate website MetaCritic, the album holds a score of 70/100, indicating "generally favorable reviews."
More than 20 of the reefs have been mined for aggregate, which is reputedly of high quality.
The winners on aggregate will advance to the semifinals.
Flexibility and plasticity allow proteins to bind to ligands, form oligomers, aggregate, and perform mechanical work.
Keynesian economists often calculate multipliers that measure the effect on aggregate demand only.
Aggregate scores for the game were mediocre, averaging 59% at GameRankings and 58 out of 100 at Metacritic.
The film holds an 86% "Certified Fresh" rating on the review aggregate website Rotten Tomatoes.
The total output power of the aggregate is 84,350 hp, achieved at 94 rpm.
The aggregate varied, and included pieces of rock, ceramic tile, and brick rubble from the remains of previously demolished buildings.
Another review aggregate, Metacritic, calculated an average score of 50 based on 39 reviews.
In terms of aggregate, this was his best season for batting, with 708 runs at an average of 19.13.
Bayern moved on due to aggregate and went on to win the European Cup.
Skinner suggests that cultural evolution is a way to describe the aggregate of (operant) behavior.
However, there will be relaxation of 5% on the aggregate marks obtained in the qualifying examination for SC/ST candidates.
In the round of 16, quarterfinals, and semifinals, if tied on aggregate, the away goals rule was used.
Liverpool's UEFA Cup Winners' Cup campaign ended in the semi-finals with a 3-2 aggregate defeat to Paris St Germain.
On review aggregate website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds a 23% ("rotten") rating, with the simple consensus "Cheesy, unnecessary remake."
Relegation/promotion play-off participant VfL Bochum won on aggregate against 1.
The album received a fair amount of favourable reviews, as indicated by the aggregate score of 72 at Metacritic.
The album has a score of 83 out of 100 on the review aggregate site Metacritic, based on 33 reviews.
The Latin America and Caribbean region's aggregate emissions were 2 billion tonnes, with per capita emissions of 4.6 tonnes.
The quarter- and semifinals will be played over two legs, where the team winning on aggregate advances.
Many companies will contribute information to a database in return for aggregate information on the customers other companies have provided.
Relegation/promotion play-off participant Bayer 04 Leverkusen won on aggregate against Kickers Offenbach and thus retained their Bundesliga status.
If still tied after regulation or tied on aggregate, the match will be decided by a penalty shootout.
The Ashes series against Great Britain saw an aggregate crowd of 53,353 attending the Test series.
The aggregate score of both games decided the winner.
Official visits either continuous or aggregate of 30 days.
Marquense advances 3 - 0 on aggregate.
The winner on aggregate score after both matches will earn a spot in the 2014 UFL Division 1.
Ehrgeiz currently has an aggregate score of 75% on GameRankings based on twenty-one media outlets.
Asphalt/aggregate operations are managed by Veidekke Industry AS.
As of October 30, 2014, one campaign organization had received an aggregate total of $1,884,722 in contributions.
But the focus remained at the aggregate level.
He has currently 29 caps for Georgia, with 3 tries scored, 15 points on aggregate.
Suduva drew level on aggregate in the first half.
Teams would play each other home and away, and the winner on aggregate would advance.
The 12 islets have an aggregate land area of only 4.5 square kilometres (1.7 square miles).
In music using the twelve-tone technique a partition is, "a collection of disjunct, unordered pitch-class sets that comprise an aggregate."
These fishes usually aggregate in small groups, often in mixed-species and mainly feed on plankton.
Instead, it shows the aggregate amount of capital contributed by all investors.
If equal, the club with the best aggregate points difference from the pool stage.
Demand-pull inflation is asserted to arise when aggregate demand in an economy outpaces aggregate supply.
The movie received an aggregate 4.58 out of 5 score based on critic reviews complied at Yahoo Japan.
The winners on aggregate advanced to the next round.
From the first instar, the caterpillars will aggregate and build large tent structures.
Pro Tools received positive reviews from most music critics, based on an aggregate score of 76/100 from Metacritic.
The quarterfinals were two-legged ties determined on aggregate score.
The team with the lowest aggregate points was deemed the winner of this subsidiary competition for a special prize.
The sum of the marginal benefits represent the aggregate willingness to pay or aggregate demand.
The film received a 69% approval rating on review aggregate Rotten Tomatoes.
They aggregate at their food sources, such as Acacia trees or on sorghum seeds, to feed and mate.
Guangdong captured the champion by winning an aggregate 5-4 after penalty shootout.
The team which scored more goals on aggregate, was qualifying to the next round.
In case of a tie in the aggregate score, the results from the fan voting will have bigger weight.
Nitzan and Bichler argue that the Great Depression brought deflation, not inflation (at least from an aggregate viewpoint).
According to Surowiecki, the aggregate predictions have been shown to be more reliable than the output of any think tank.
Several Samoobrona members of parliament were subject to criminal investigations on charges ranging from forgery to banditry.
The entrance examinations include subject tests as well as the National Humanities Examination.
This event was the subject of numerous etchings and paintings by Giacomo Franco, Andrea Vicentino, Sebastian Vrancx and anonymous artists.
Photocopying material that is subject to copyright (such as books or scientific papers) is subject to restrictions in most countries.
Narrative versions of folktales and fairy tales are common, and kobolds are the subject of several such tales.
As a concept, Romanipen has been the subject of interest to numerous academic observers.
He won several laurels for his work on the subject.
The conditions for using simple bending theory are:The beam is subject to pure bending.
Following his death in 1990 his work was the subject of an anthological exhibition (La Caixa, Madrid, 1990).
Therefore, they are subject to more deceleration when they begin their reentry of the upper atmosphere.
The subject of the film is British singer/songwriter Billy Franks (former frontman for the London 80's band 'The Faith Brothers').
On this subject, Holonyak says, "It's ridiculous to think that somebody owes you something.
The figure of the wasp in the escutcheon of the exilarch was made the subject of another legend.
The concept of Scandinavian design has been the subject of many scholarly debates, exhibitions and marketing agendas since the 1950s.
In his last decade, Gainsborough started to broaden his range of subject matter with mythological or 'fancy' pictures.
T.E.D.S. was the subject of a short film, The Teddy Boys, by Bruce Weber.
Foreign nationals who live in France are subject to the same requirements as the French.
In 1989 Narain and Anil Agarwal wrote 'Towards Green Villages' on the subject of local democracy and sustainable development.
His reason was concern that women would be subject to any future military conscription.
Episodes approach the subject with humor and are shown in 15-, 20-, 30- and 60-second animated spots.
In February 1917, the British Army issued Manual SS 143 on the subject.
The details of this can vary from subject to subject.
Consonant clusters only occur over syllable boundaries and their pronunciation is subject to regressive assimilations that convert them into geminates.
Some suggest that he, medieval France's greatest treater of married love, did not approve of the adulterous subject.
NCSS was the subject of a well-publicized computer hacking scandal.
The course of these two rivers has been subject to change and reversal.
The country was thus modernised but Tutsi supremacy remained, leaving the Hutu disenfranchised and subject to large scale forced labour.
Significantly increased intermediary responsibility, among other things, is currently the subject of negotiations in the proposed Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA).
The Hawaiian Islands are subject to tsunamis, great waves that strike the shore.
Eliot, Maine, where there was "a center on the subject" of spiritualism, and Cambridge, Massachusetts, became her home base.
It was André Weil in the 1940s who gave the subject its modern foundations in the language of algebraic geometry.
Like many aspects of nuclear power, fast breeder reactors have been subject to much controversy over the years.
It quotes from many early Chinese classics, and diversely includes subject matter from Chinese mythology, history, geography, and folklore.
Satie's skills as an orchestrator have long been a subject of debate.
The Simple Things is a 1953 animated short subject, part of the Mickey Mouse series, produced by Walt Disney Productions.
The city was also the subject of the Big Joe Williams song "Omaha Blues".
After the Dorian invasion the city remained subject to Argos, whence its Dorian conquerors had come.
The idea was to gaze at the subject for some time and commit it to visual memory.
After failing either to translate the script or identify the subject, he circulated photocopies which eventually reached Salway and Corcoran.
Tendons are subject to many types of injuries.
The final voting about this subject occurred in Switzerland on the June 14, 2015.
In 1961 he received a Licentiate of Philosophy degree in the same subject.
The Duke of Pajang, a former subject of Mataram who had rebelled and fled to Surabaya, was executed by drowning.
In 1910 he published a monograph on the latter subject titled "Lichtbiologie", followed by "Lichtbiologie und Lichtpathologie" two years later.
Such development would be subject to approval, but construction could begin, pending economic analysis, as early as spring 2013.
The Great Who-Dood-It is the 43rd animated cartoon short subject in the Woody Woodpecker series.
The granting of any required financial assistance under the mechanism will be made subject to strict conditionality.
His work was subsequently the subject of a major retrospective in Basel (2005) and in Hanover's Sprengel Museum (2006).
Arguments for and against the controversial subject of privatization are presented here.
The roughnose stingray is subject to intensive fishing pressure in much of its range.
Further, those who had accomplishments at the time are now all deceased except this old subject of yours.
All subject area outcomes are clearly defined, but learning is linked across these subject area boundaries.
But whoever imagines, upon this account, that masters rarely combine, is as ignorant of the world as of the subject.
AISH clients are exempt from paying their cost portion of items, subject to AADL approval.
It was the 36th Our Gang short subject released.
Individual candidates may also be subject to additional disciplinary measures from their state board.
Lott's book has been subject to criticism, but other groups support Lott's conclusions.
This race is open to all who wish to ride to in it, subject to available space.
153 people were registered as unemployed and 2,508 were employees subject to social insurance contributions.
They offered places for oil extraction and were the subject of jurisdictional claims between the federal and state governments.
Montresor's romantic life has been the subject of much writing.
When the copula is not present, no equative relation holds, prohibiting the pronominal subject of the small clause.
Akabane disease is an important disease in those areas which are subject to only an occasional influx of C. brevitarsis.
The papacy as a religious organ is a subject of international law and capable of international rights and duties.
The rescue story is the subject of the film, A Day in October, released in 1991.
Subsequently, his images became a subject of several scientific papers.
Fear has received international attention and reviews in major newspapers; it has also been the subject of criticism.
The subject of the film, Sontag proposes, is "violence of the spirit".
It has been a popular subject for pantomime for over 200 years.
At the end of a semester, students evaluate their homeroom teacher and their subject teachers.
Kosovo is the subject of a territorial dispute between the Republic of Kosovo and the Republic of Serbia.
The provision increases the age of minors subject to this tax to those minors under age 18.
Its specific status and origin are the subject of much debate.
He is also a television presenter and a prize-winning author on the subject of biology, especially evolution.
Digital speakers have been the subject of experiments performed by Bell Labs as far back as the 1920s.
There are only fragments about the subject curriculum of Saiyingpun School from the Hong Kong Government Administrative Reports.
The subject chosen was the Adoration of the Magi, a common theme in the 15th century Florentine art.
The new state was not subject to Reconstruction.
The subject of the importance of vintage is one about which disagreement can be expected to continue.
As a result, the village was not subject to depopulation.
Like Neo Rauch, however, Sasnal makes the grip of the Communist era on the post-Communist imagination his subject.
The project is subject to the federal Uniform Relocation Assistance and Real Property Acquisition Policies Act of 1970 (URA).
He's saying we should be subject to the death penalty.
The beam is subject to the combined action of perpendicular electric and magnetic fields.
Vallée feels the entire subject of UFOs is mystified by charlatans and science fiction.
An often recurring subject is whether or not a capital gains tax should be introduced, and tax reform in general.
The cement industry, although extremely capital-intensive, is subject to exaggerated economic cycles.
As a scholar he was influential in the development of medieval history as an academic subject.
Then criminal was subject to the actual punishment.
Just like the general activities, the sports offered are subject to change every term.
His father, Edgar Ende, a painter, was banned as "degenerate" in 1936.
But heroes on paper might degenerate into vagabonds in practice, Corinnas into courtezans."
One of her trainers, Amande (Jeanne Moreau), transforms her from a degenerate drug addict to a beautiful femme fatale.
If one of the four fields is degenerate, then the corresponding conformal blocks obey BPZ equations.
When the Nazis seized power, much of Nagel's work was declared degenerate.
For this linear algebra and this matroid, the bases are exactly the non-degenerate triangles.
The Degenerate Art Exhibition, organised by Goebbels, ran in Munich from July to November 1937.
But he mistakenly considered the parasites to be degenerate trypanosomes, already known protozoan parasites in Africa and South America.
Degenerate stars have contracted into a compact mass, resulting in a rapid rate of rotation.
Rhabdomyolysis causes the myosin and actin to degenerate into smaller proteins that travel into the circulatory system.
Unlike regular plasma, degenerate plasma expands little when heated, because there are simply no momentum states left.
Therefore, distal nerve fibers do not degenerate and the myelin damage can be repaired.
This, and other arguments, caused the conference to degenerate into a shouting, shooting and blasting match.
However, the Nazis had burned nearly 4000 works of German "degenerate" art in Berlin in 1939.
Likewise, degenerate matter still has normal thermal pressure, but at extremely high densities, the degeneracy pressure usually dominates.
As the older chondrocytes degenerate, osteoblasts ossify the remains to form new bone.
Collapse of massive non-degenerate cores will ignite further fusion.
John Skilling discovered another degenerate example, the great disnub dirhombidodecahedron, by relaxing the condition that edges must be single.
After a star has finished generating energy through thermonuclear fusion, it evolves into a more compact, degenerate state.
Publicly quiet but privately vengeful, her animated beasts degenerate others into their ugliest forms.
Once the thyroglossal duct involutes, the cells will begin to degenerate and disappear.
Neutron-degenerate matter is found in neutron stars.
This kind of situation is called a degenerate critical point.
Degenerate zeroth-order states of opposite parity occur for excited hydrogen-like (one-electron) atoms.
Victorian sensibilities were outraged by women working at pits and dressing in trousers was considered to be unfeminine and degenerate.
For nonlinear problems (nonlinear diffusion, degenerate parabolic problems.
In this respect they resemble degenerate semiconductors more closely.
The non-degenerate cylindrical sections are ellipses (or circles).
The architect was thought to be a degenerate disciple of William of Wykeham.
If the mesh becomes tangled or degenerate during simulation, the operators defined on it may no longer give correct values.
Frequently, degenerate cases correspond to singularities either in the object or in some configuration space.
Moreover, the perturbation expansion would converges very slowly or not at all if the state is degenerate or near degenerate.
But a dashing Illinois farm boy breaks out in revolt, killing a degenerate Soviet governor and his "Commie" American collaborators.
In such a degenerate case, the solution set is said to be degenerate.
The space of (possibly degenerate) conics in the complex plane can be identified with the projective space P⁵.
RuvC is an endonuclease that cuts the degenerate sequence 5'-(A/T)TT(G/C)-3'.
If and are independent, this model will degenerate to a probit model with unobservable heterogeneity.
The explosive nature of the helium flash arises from its taking place in degenerate matter.
The cutting-stock problem is often highly degenerate, in that multiple solutions with the same waste are possible.
His squad was hunting the operators of gladiatorial contests in the degenerate slums, particularly Megatron.
If she mates again in the spring, the fall sperm will degenerate, and the spring sperm will fertilize her eggs.
Frank, a degenerate gambler, asks Bathsheba for £20 and she refuses, saying the money is for farm expenses.
This is then extended bilinearly (or sesquilinearly in the complex case) to a non-degenerate inner product on ΛᵏV.
Lombroso also listed the features of the degenerate mentality, supposedly released by the disinhibition of the primitive neurological centres.
Johnson's brother-in-law Christoph Voll was fired from his teaching position, and his art was labelled "degenerate".
His work was shown in the Degenerate Art Exhibition of 1937.
Hence modern authors allow the degenerate Boolean algebra and let X be empty.
Due to federal investigations and the lack of funds, the plans may degenerate further.
These states are degenerate, that is they have the same energy.
Vaj said her intention was not to degenerate national heritage.
With the looted degenerate art sold onwards via Switzerland, Rosenberg's collection was scattered across Europe.
That year five of his works were shown in the National Socialist exhibition Entartete Kunst (Degenerate art) in Munich.
As the ameloblasts degenerate, a gingival sulcus is created.
You can use the data in the degenerate dimension to limit or 'slice and dice' your fact table measures."
Then the lines connecting corresponding points form a dual non-degenerate projective conic section.
Some of the ways they can be degenerate are as follows:Hidden faces.
Of course, backface culling can not be used with degenerate and unclosed volumes.
Similarly, Aristocracy may degenerate into Oligarchy, and needs analogous checks.
These are called degenerate conics and some authors do not consider them to be conics at all.
In megasporogenesis, often three of the four spores degenerate after meiosis, whereas in microsporogenesis all four microspores survive.
The hypocycloid with two cusps is a degenerate but still very interesting case, known as the Tusi couple.
With the arrival of Nazism Hofmann was marginated and his work banned as degenerate.
Thus, natural laws prove to be degenerate limiting cases of the Bernoulli Space.
Frequent dynastic quarrels also contributed to the view among Jews of later generations that the latter Hasmoneans were degenerate.
When motor neurons degenerate and the connection becomes weakened, NOGO-A would work against keeping that nerve/muscle contact strong.
Hildebrand acquired an additional 115 works of "degenerate art" in the same way in 1941.
The role of degenerate robustness in the evolvability of multi-agent systems in dynamic environments.
He was named Professor in 1928 - and a degenerate artist in 1937.
Elsewhere it is reported of that son that he became a degenerate, associating with bandits.
Stellar Configurations with degenerate Cores, S. Chandrasekhar, The Observatory 57 (1934), pp.
In inversive geometry, a line is a degenerate case of a circle, with infinite radius.
The dual ring in its most degenerate form simply collapses into a single device.
Therefore, the formerly degenerate energy levels will split into slightly lower and slightly higher energy levels.
The equation of state of quark matter is uncertain, as is the transition point between neutron-degenerate matter and quark matter.
The case of S is degenerate; S is projected to itself, along a circle of radius 0.
The degenerate electrons in the bulk of a white dwarf conduct heat well.
The theory development makes use of the quasi-degenerate formalism by Lindgren and the Hamiltonian multipartitioning technique from Zaitsevskii and Malrieu.
Landau levels, the energy states of a charged particle in the presence of a magnetic field, are multiply degenerate.
One model describes the core as superfluid neutron-degenerate matter (mostly neutrons, with some protons and electrons).
Cooling fermions to extremely low temperatures has created degenerate gases, subject to the Pauli exclusion principle.
Wide gap p-type degenerate semiconductor: Mg-doped LaCuOSe.
In 1937 he was declared a degenerate artist by the Nazis and forbidden to exhibit.
It is degenerate and has a characteristic set where its symbol vanishes.
The degenerate case of a foil is a simple flat plate.
The Fleuve has been described as a "degenerate Barb".
We assume that γ(I) is a non-degenerate curve (in the sense of Nomizu and Sasaki), i.e. is without inflexion points.
Edelman used the terms reentrant and degenerate in order to describe these complex neural connections.
Irreducible representations without a Whittaker model are sometimes called "degenerate", and those with a Whittaker model are sometimes called "generic".
The degenerate circle with radius zero at that point also belongs to the pencil.
Under high densities the matter becomes a degenerate gas when the electrons are all stripped from their parent atoms.
If either question were answered affirmatively, what was the appropriate remedy?
Every document is automatically moved to physical storage appropriate to its frequency of access from any given location.
It can occur in suburban and urban areas if appropriate host plants are available.
She found this pen name appropriate as she writes gender-neutral novels and it spelled "asking".
The post was titled, "Is This Appropriate For LinkedIn?"
Several modes of visual feedback are pre-programmed into the tiles, which can be selected as appropriate to the installation.
Be appropriate; demonstrate behavior that is considerate of the community, the campus, and yourself.
The licence is issued upon payment of the appropriate VED amount (which may be zero).
The second part drove the data bus from this latch at the appropriate logic level.
Komarov alerted the appropriate agencies about this new data set and began working with them directly.
Solar cookers are appropriate to some settings, depending on climate and cooking style.
Further it tests, demonstrates and promotes Appropriate Technologies.
The window shield of a car is appropriate for safety and protection of debri in the road.
Lack of appropriate data is often the reason attempts to validate a model fail.
Here, PTFE or a high grade stainless steel may be a more appropriate choice.
The machine automatically invites appropriate users to answer certain questions by natural language processing and user profiling technology.
Students' color-plate sketches were often highly detailed, humorous or dramatic, and appropriate examples of contemporary artwork.
Pokalde Peak can be easily climbed in half a day by a fit and acclimatised group with appropriate leadership.
However, interpretation of scores should be carried out by individuals with appropriate training in psychological science.
Training in the Diagnostic Drawing Series increases administrators' ability to apply research findings to the appropriate assessment of the subject.
In the Austro-Hungarian Navy the appropriate rank designations were derived as follows.
Singer stated that he had to tone down the special effects to keep the film age-appropriate for children.
It is appropriate to consider their origins first.
Further tests may be needed to confirm a diagnosis and ultimately guide therapy and appropriate management.
It emits a very high-pitched sound, and is appropriate for the festival/folk music of Japan.
Indeed, he interrupts her to suggest that it would be more appropriate for her to call again in the evening.
He does this by circling his tail around his own body the appropriate number of times.
Appeals are considered the appropriate manner by which to challenge a judgment rather than trying to start a new trial.
Upon successful completion, the college is notified and according to prior agreement, the college issues the appropriate grade and transcript.
The Rorschach test is appropriate for subjects from the age of five to adulthood.
NTLDR can also load a non NT-based operating system given the appropriate boot sector in a file.
The house was made available, for a fee, for use by other appropriate parties.
When the Admiralty received this they were taken with it, and had the report circulated with the appropriate explanation.
Later authorities thus imposed severe limitations on the conditions and situations where it would be appropriate and necessary to uproot.
This tends to cause disgust in participants, and the facilitators help participants to plan appropriate sanitation facilities.
Another snag was the lack of a high-explosive shell (the appropriate shell existed but was not issued).
Although Guy struggles with the developmentally appropriate process of adolescent separation from his mother, they remain close.
Ward also criticized the oversight of the Fijian government in failing to enact appropriate court martial legislation.
Further generalizations of the product rule have been demonstrated for appropriate products of hypermatrices of boundary format.
He defines noise at different times as "intrusive, unwanted", "lacking skill, not being appropriate" and "a threatening emptiness".
Also Yunick developed air jacks for stock cars in 1961 but NASCAR did not deem them appropriate.
For example, Mrs. Bennet continually refers to her "poor nerves", a bodily affliction which it was appropriate to discuss.
Then the optimization algorithm finds the structure of appropriate mathematical expression and its parameters.
Third, it needs to have a wireless communication system that has an appropriate range and battery life.
Construction is carried out on the site using only materials and techniques appropriate to the 13th century.
In addition, any contributions made by participants to the shared content must be rewarded and recognized whenever appropriate.
The main problems to be solved are the definition of appropriate human applications and of the risks for human health.
Examples of appropriate live foods include scorpions, centipedes, mealworms, crickets, shrimps, feeder fish, small frogs, and earthworms.
CPR is especially useful in scenarios where the recognizer has to select the appropriate target among many similar competitors.
Resistors are manufactured in values from a few milliohms to about a gigaohm in IEC60063 ranges appropriate for their tolerance.
It has some functionality to accept a folded "leaf" food and move its jaw and make appropriate chomping noises.
The reader should refer directly to regulations for their national/federal, regional and local requirements, as appropriate.
More appropriate names for these respective variances might be σ2B (the "Breeding expectations" variance) and σ2δ (the "Breeding deviations" variance).
For him each of these categories of nouns had to be used in their own appropriate manner.
The histological examination is essential for determining the appropriate treatment and the correct prognosis.
It has four additional exhibition galleries with flat walls that are "more appropriate for the display of art."
It is kept as a pet, in Australia this animal may be kept in captivity with the appropriate permit.
This has great dignity and depth, and at times an appropriate wildness or becoming levity".
In July, Minister of Justice Chris Grayling announced plans to "take appropriate action" to address revenge porn in Britain.
Pressing the appropriate key combination typically cycles through all visible windows in some order, though other actions are possible.
The main feature of from Phostech is increased capacitance and conductivity by an appropriate carbon coating.
The theme for the show seemed appropriate for an event scheduled during the hot summer month of July.
Perceiving that the servant's patience was near exhausted, Colman prayed that the Lord provide an appropriate meal.
Such pregnancies should be considered high risk and appropriate obstetric care should be provided.
Or is, at least, invertible in the appropriate category; e.g., a diffeomorphism.
Individuals will also benefit from volunteering and interning at museums to acquire the appropriate skills.
The states involved, would keep abreast of the developments in the Arctic Ocean and continue to implement appropriate measures.
The keyboard plays a chord voicing and rhythm which is appropriate for the selected genre.
To get appropriate tuition, he had to travel to Birmingham Technical College.
PortugalStudents with disabilities have a "guaranteed right" to appropriate accommodations on assessments.
The appropriate cure here though is the use of a chemical inhibitor, rather than continual bleeding.
This type of plan can increase coverage to an appropriate level of protection.
In a statement Knowles said, "I cannot think about anything more appropriate to do to help these families.
The Levenshtein distance is a more appropriate way to measure the bit error rate when using such codes.
NIELIT has planned a road map for adopting appropriate pedagogy for metamorphosing NIELIT into an Institute of National Importance.
Cyber Pearl would have been named Cyber Oasis, but since Hyderabad is associated with pearls, "Pearl" was considered more appropriate.
It is an endangered wild species, not appropriate for domestication.
Young women are encouraged to dress in colors and patterns, and they may wear appropriate jewelry and accessories.
Components and materials are now imported where appropriate, such as German Renner actions and hammers.
The House offers a curriculum designed for this age group, along with co-curricular activities appropriate for these students.
Congress is not required to appropriate as much money as is authorized.
Where the gender is appropriate, the form is gracilis.
It is responsible for routing traffic to the appropriate container based on IP and port number of the incoming request.
As soon as a loa is recognized, the symbols appropriate to them will be given to them.
We provide links to help you find appropriate information.
In statistics, a Tsallis distribution is a probability distribution derived from the maximization of the Tsallis entropy under appropriate constraints.
Watchful waiting with serial imaging may be appropriate in rare circumstances.
There may be a paper adjudication if the judge thinks it appropriate and the parties agree.
The pikas determine the appropriate time to make short calls by listening for cues for sound localization.
Displacement ventilation systems are appropriate in space where high ventilation is required, such as classrooms, conference rooms, and offices.
Some such suits accuse the Vatican of complicity in sexual abuse by priests and money laundering.
Similarly the novel deals with the misuse and abuse of land in the south.
In December 1988, he announced a pilot project for substance abuse counselling operated by the YMCA of Metropolitan Toronto.
Marty can already tell how much Judd is going to abuse Shiloh.
Advocacy services that encourage victims to establish abuse-free lives.
Barros has been accused of complicity in an abuse case there.
Some conditions they face include no time off; sexual, physical, and emotional abuse; withholding of wages; and restrictions of movement.
This valve is weakened by drug abuse.
Tanenbaum notes that MacKinnon misrepresents the prevalence of violence and abuse.
Prevention of Mental Disorders, Substance Abuse, and Problem Behaviors: A Developmental Perspective.
Ellen occasionally guesses correctly, causing Kate to become angry and verbally or physically abuse her.
However, the stress encountered while recording Fun Terminal, drug abuse, alcoholism, and family commitments changed the scope of the band.
She also has a certificate as a sexual abuse counsellor.
In running the site, police rescued 85 children from ongoing abuse and arrested hundreds.
But day after day, Ilavarasi's father continues to verbally abuse them and looks at them as thieves.
The album's lyrics focus on subjects such as propaganda, Catholic sex abuse cases, terrorism and fame.
Sexual abuse can happen because the female wants comfort, she has affiliation needs, she wants power, or sexual gratification.
He promised that if elected he would create an office of internal affairs to investigate "fraud, waste and abuse".
Neighbours described the couple as deranged, both possibly mentally ill, and known for loudness and verbal abuse of their neighbours.
Richardson realized the problem of smartphone abuse in classrooms as he was sitting in the back of a large lecture.
Jersey Police have so far recorded claims of abuse from 100 people.
Mr Burarrwanga's wider interests include Indigenous health, education and social issues, particularly substance abuse, domestic violence and family health.
This is how most partners adapt to verbal abuse.
Members of all three groups have been involved in child sexual abuse.
However, history has still shown the abuse of the vulnerable members of society through medical and psychiatric institutions.
On September 30, 2016, Gibbs was acquitted of all charges related to the sexual abuse allegations.
This study did not treat substance abuse as a mental health disorder.
Developing and implementing AOD abuse prevention strategies.
Later after much domestic abuse, his wife Rinki moved out in 1983, and the couple formally divorced in 1990.
He chaired the 1992 Orkney child abuse inquiry.
His abuse is interrupted by the arrival of Ramvati's son, Jeeva, who intervenes.
Princess is a child abuse survivor studies, who was abused several times by her close associates.
Gangsterism and drug abuse has increased and a number of informal settlements has sprung up in several areas.
Such abuse was unlawful and unacceptable, Naidu said.
These claims are backed up by a swelling number of academic studies and insider accounts of misconduct and abuse.
Black women were prohibited from defending themselves against any type of abuse, including sexual, at the hands of white men.
Vaishnavi cited that Nitin used to physically abuse her, which forced her to opt for divorce.
Victims of child abuse or rape should be allowed sufficient breaks as and when required during the testimony.
Victims of The Village: Expose of rural Child Abuse.
In "Tante Sun" satirize state official wives who abuse the authority of their husbands.
Disqualifying events include convictions for domestic violence and child abuse.
Environmental factors in the individual's adolescence include: child abuse, exposure to drugs, lack of supervision, media influence, and peer pressure.
This naturally occurring deficiency is one of the most studied genetic vulnerabilities to substance abuse across the field.
There has been speculation over whether the new SNDRIs will have an abuse potential like cocaine does.
Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, "Man recounts abuse by priests, says pope should be held accountable," 25 March 2010.
Child abuse was a problem, and the government continued its efforts to monitor abuse and prosecute offenders.
However, "in many cases of animal advocacy groups versus organisations accused of animal abuse, both sides have cultural claims."
He has worked to fund public education and to protect youth from abuse.
In 2016, John found Skye in his house, learning that Carol continues to abuse Skye and allows her to stay.
Bishop Louis Edward Gelineau was criticized for his management of sexual abuse allegations in the Providence Diocese.
The bills are designed to protect children from the abuse of restraint and seclusion in school.
The Speed Culture: Amphetamine Use and Abuse in America.
The Report of the National Commission on Marihuana and Drug Abuse.
It smashed taboos surrounding mental health, abuse, sexuality and religion with humor and optimism.
Defiance of, or appeals to, the Nationalities Law met with derision or abuse.
Allegations included rape, sodomy, fellatio and bizarre acts characteristic of satanic ritual abuse.
The charges of third-degree sexual abuse were dropped.
We didn't say 'We need a drug song or a child abuse song,' but when they fit, we used them.
Outraged workers surveyed CPS men in other hospitals and learned of the degree of abuse throughout the psychiatric care system.
Despite periodic investigations, changes of leadership, and promises to improve, the allegations of cruelty and abuse continued.
One student pleaded guilty to second degree sexual abuse.
They do not include other factors of disadvantage such as unemployment, race, sexual orientation or abuse.
Etiological correlates of vaginismus: Sexual and physical abuse, sexual knowledge, sexual self-schema, and relationship adjustment.
Many arranged marriages also end up being cold and dysfunctional as well, with reports of abuse.
She described the abuse as "mild inappropriate touching", saying it occurred while she was sleeping and was "fully clothed".
In Ramona v. Isabella, Gary Ramona sued his daughter's therapist for implanting false memories of his abuse of her.
In 2010, more than 16,000 deaths were attributed to abuse of opioid drugs.
Compton, much like the rest of the nation, it troubled with drug abuse problems and street gang violence.
In 1934, the New York Parental School was investigated amid rumors of abuse.
He also recommended that a program of compensation be established for the victims of sexual abuse at Kingsclear (see below).
Richard suffers from poor health and is a recovering alcoholic, but Elizabeth continues to drink excessively and abuse prescription medication.
Thus this explanation deduced that similar abuse must have happened each time that the Bible uses the same language.
Satan's Silence: Ritual Abuse and the Making of a Modern American Witch Hunt.
They urged civilian review boards to hear complaints of police abuse, a demand that was ultimately met.
Stedman SJ, Tanner F. Refugee Manipulation: War, Politics, and the Abuse of Human Suffering.
Frank Church Warns of How Easily Government Can Abuse Expanding Surveillance Capabilities".
In accordance, although very rare, case reports of modafinil abuse exist.
The first video shows ten prison guards conducting physical and verbal abuse on prisoners.
Soviet psychiatric abuse: the shadow over world psychiatry.
There are allegations of torture and abuse of prisoners.
After a long struggle with drug abuse, Breau was finally sober.
There were incidences of abuse, however, with one example having been recorded in the "Records of Officialdom".
In adoptive homes, child neglect and abuse and even divorce between the parents is uncommon.
Medical examinations revealed many fissures along Haru's leg bones, due to Fuji's habitual abuse.
But I will reject abuse and all that it stands for," adding, ".
One commentator suggested it was part of a pattern of sexual abuse of prisoners.
They also participate in events such as the World Elder Abuse Awareness Day.
Because of their potential for abuse, sweepstakes are heavily regulated in many countries.
Litigants, attorneys, law enforcement and judiciary can abuse the system, sometimes accidentally but more often intentionally.
The second victim denied physical abuse, but witnessed the physical abuse inflicted upon the other victim.
The term "Gandhian economics" was coined by J. C. Kumarappa, a close supporter of Gandhi.
It was located at Grosser Wannsee, on the estate of his father, close to Villa Arons.
Ai even says though Yuichiro will not admit it, Mina and he are very close and share a strong friendship.
The Kuvari and Chambal Rivers run close to Kailaras city.
Each of the plantations are located either adjacent to, or in close proximity to the Congo River.
Single molecule localization with super-resolution imaging techniques requires the specific delivery of fluorophores into close proximity with a target protein.
This shows that until the 6th century these Christians had been in close contact with Alexandria.
NXP Semiconductors And Freescale Semiconductor Close Merger RTTNews.
He was followed there by one of his Facla subordinates and a close friend, Vlaicu Barna.
Up close : Carol Jerrems with Larry Clark, Nan Goldin and William Yang.
He was also a friend and close adviser to New York City Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia.
During this time MacPherson resided in Notting Hill with close friend Robbie Williams.
Postflight investigation found that the oxidizer isolation valve had failed to close after the first burn.
This time, Woolley held his side together with 76 and they were 172 for five at the close.
It is very close to Perambur and Perambur Carriage Works Railway Stations.
During sexual reproduction, mating with a close relative (inbreeding) often leads to inbreeding depression.
Close-range anti-submarine defense was provided by two twin 12.75-inch (324 mm) Mk 32 torpedo tubes.
In June 2010 it was announced that the Museum would close because of Lincolnshire County Council cuts.
An extreme close up lets the detail of the scratching be more easily seen.
Smoothness is a measure of how similar colors that are close together are.
There is a small stadium, called Waldstadion, close to the Domholzschule.
The Persian onager is listed as critically endangered by IUCN Red List, as it is close to extinction.
Ferrybridge and Eggborough power stations were scheduled to close in March 2016.
The regional checkoff is within their state or very close to the state.
In Carinthia similar policy was conducted by Wilhelm Schick, Gauleiter's close associate.
In June 2010, the hospital announced it would close on July 2, 2010, and file for bankruptcy.
Beacon Castle is an Iron Age hill fort close to Parracombe in Devon, England.
In basic steps, the passing leg moves quickly to rest for a moment close to the grounded leg.
The state of the school now is extremely close to how it was once decorated.
Laura asks her close friend, Tiffany Hill to be Lulu's godmother.
It is located in close proximity to the Playa de Los Ladrillos.
Indianapolis would close out the half quarterback Peyton Manning completing a 3-yard touchdown pass to tight end Dallas Clark.
She and Arnold also had close friends who were either actively Loyalist or sympathetic to that cause.
Blue doors close at the end of the current wave of enemies, but green ones remain open.
Anecdotal evidence indicates that nobody would show a bid anywhere close to that consensus level.
Ever since Emmett's death she had a close relationship with many African-American media outlets.
The Llenlleney'ten are mostly Secwepemc ethnically, but have close family ties and shared cultural traditions with the Tsilhqot'in.
Tracing a line from Gacrux to Acrux leads to a point close to the Southern Celestial Pole.
One shell had hit so close to PT 337 that fragments went whizzing by and water some of the crew.
Close to the Manor House is a dovecote that was built in the 17th century.
In this round of rioting, Musa Makaniki, a close disciple of Maitatsine, emerged as a leader and Marwa's successor.
While program and support partners have close relationships, each operates as an independent legal entity.
Phillip was content to have Justin and Jackie as stepparents and became close to both.
By this time, Engima has clocked close to an estimated 30 million sales worldwide.
More importantly, it is stated to be capable of penetrating 45 layers of Kevlar soft body armor at close distances.
Sydney broke the trend of close games between the sides winning this match 16.11.
Nazo's father paid close attention to her education and upbringing.
They used sands dredged close to shore.
Sheesh Mahal was reserved for personal use by the imperial family and close aides.
Colston's is located at the top of Bell Hill, a road running close to the M32 motorway.
Recent research by Peder Anker has suggested a close theoretical relationship between Tansley's ecology and his psychology.
Gelotia is close to the salticid genera Cocalus and Mintonia.
At the close of each episode, Burnett tugged her ear.
He spent time at the Institute for the Harmonious Development of Man and became a close student of Gurdjieff.
While Syaoran's feelings quickly developed into romantic, Sakura remained naive and simply thought of him as a close friend.
Penllergar primary school is very near the church in fact so close by it will take three minutes.
Nunnery Colliery was a coal mine close to the city centre of Sheffield, South Yorkshire.
Those manoeuvres were to reach other planets also orbiting close to the ecliptic, so they were mostly in-plane changes.
It is close to Newlands Stadium, which is a rugby union and football venue.
In May 2010 Cardiff University announced that the Academy would close because of a lack of funds.
Street's health and pitching improved, although Ziegler continued to close.
His death went unnoticed in the media and was quietly buried in Islamabad with close family members attending his funeral.
After giving birth, the mother stays close to the pups in the den, while the rest of the pack hunts.
Retired to broodmare duty, a fertile Life's Magic produced fourteen offspring, none of which came close to achieving her success.
Simpson lost a very close points decision as referee Phil Edwards scored the bout 115-114 in favour of Williams.
Judge's Hill stands close to the Hag or Bowhill Burn.
While highly violent and skilled in close quarters combat, he does not allow drug use or sales within his gang.
It is designated "Trap Town" at the close of the 18th century by Griffith (1795).
In essence the show came to life just as its run drew to a close.
Kusgoan is towards the South East of Lonavla City.Very close to Mumbai- Pune Expresway.
We are not anywhere close to the age the Beatles were.
Ezio also finds out that his close allies, Luis Santangel and Raphael Sanchez, are in fact Assassins themselves.
The United States and Tonga enjoy close cooperation on a range of international issues.
He has reconciled himself to her dedication to Christ and she reassures him that they will always be close "companions".
He was very close from Italian giants Juventus, but a dramatic car accident in Cairo set back this move.
On November 21, 2005, General Motors announced that it would close its Doraville automobile manufacturing plant on September 26, 2008.
In 2002, Krebs survived a close Republican primary election to her political challenger, Larry Helminiak, receiving 52% of the vote.
Although Creighton had a large circle of friends, he did not form any close friendships with women during this time.
Some time before 1907 Lapeyre moved into the area, living in rue Lepic, close by.
Unaware of their close call, the Reynoldses proceeded on to the Marquesas and back to Hawaii.
These EBRs are made with the intention of carrying out both designated marksman and close combat roles in combat.
The settlement is close to Edworth and Langford.
Before passing next to the Coppermill and close to the Coppermills Water Treatment Works.
Though data on Pamigua is extremely limited, the relationship seems to be fairly close: Tinigua manaxai 'walk!'
Trump has a close relationship with her father, who has publicly expressed his admiration for her on several occasions.
For unknown reasons the Poles did not use the grenades prepared for defence in close quarters.
Second, the vehicle operates very close to the ground, rather than in free air.
The power station is located in Buseruka Village, close to the eastern shores of Lake Albert.
Ricardo was a close friend of James Mill.
Alternatively, the film is processed to invert the negative image, yielding positive transparencies.
During the AXIS storyline, the Red Skull and Scarlet Witch accidentally morally invert various heroes and villains.
The inverting mechanism is straightforward, requiring a single nucleophilic attack from the accepting atom to invert stereochemistry.
Reversing the magnetizing field can actually invert the signature.
Drop Foot is the inability to dorsiflex, evert, or invert the foot.
Note that, by this definition, the function must be "hard to invert" in the average-case, rather than worst-case sense.
We start with an example to invert for earth parameter values from temperature depth distribution in a given earth region.
Some songs such as "Invert the Inverted Cross" utilise double-bass drum work to drive the song.
The work entitled Die for You was the first step in a progression of images and environments that invert perspective.
Many people with visual impairments prefer to invert the colors, typically turning text from black-on-white to white-on-black.
The more polite "invert" appears as well.
The Sandbaggers aimed to invert most of the accepted conventions of the spy thriller genre.
Hydrolysis of sucrose gives a mixture called invert sugar, which is sweeter and is also a common commercial ingredient.
The application includes an invert colors option, and a crop-selected-area function.
The starch content of the tiger nut tubers decreases and the reducing sugar (invert sugar) content increases during storage.
The video invert parallel attribute is also usable in this mode.
Each of these subbuses can then be coded independently with its own invert signal.
Inverted sugar is therefore valued by bakers, who refer to the syrup as invert syrup.
To counteract sandbagging, tracks and series often invert some of the fastest qualifiers and start slower cars behind them.
Monte Carlo simulations invert this approach, solving deterministic problems using a probabilistic analog (see Simulated annealing).
Soon after, id Software released Quake, which introduced the invert feature as users now know it.
In some levels the player can invert the gravity by himself.
In order to forge a message Eve would have to invert the one-way function.
An inverted character is marked with a set invert bit.
Because fructose is sweeter than either glucose or sucrose, invert sugar is sweeter than white sugar.
Inversion of an emulsion may or may not be difficult to invert, but generally more difficult than creaming.
Then to perform, two's complement theory says to invert each bit with a NOT gate then add one.
During diffusion, a portion of the sucrose breaks down into invert sugars.
To invert this function, an attacker establishes the following.
After a box split and locking solo by Hok, Victor Kim performed a hollowback into an invert.
Sucrose is simply hydrolyzed into an invert sugar syrup, which contains about 50% fructose.
It is an optional bit-flipper (the deciding input chooses whether to invert the data input).
Any disk change with Amiga formatted disks will invert this behaviour.
Image restoration aims to model the degradation process and then invert it, obtaining the new image after solving.
The Park opened the ride in 1993 as the first custom B&M Invert.
In certain materials the topological invariant can be changed when certain bulk energy bands invert due to strong spin-orbital coupling.
ANTIC includes additional register controls over character display that permit it to invert (flip upside down) the character matrix.
See below for alternative conventions which may apparently or actually invert the sense of the rotation produced by these matrices.
The fungus growing on raw sugar can also invert sugar, which reduces sucrose and increases invert content.
Finally, one can invert the view, switching from functions of orders to orders of functions.
Legrandin is now an invert, but is no longer a snob.
This is because the invert line contributes some transitions and the distribution of the Hamming distances is not uniform.
In the question, these two elements change places (invert).
Jam, when made, produces invert sugar during extensive heating under the action of the acid in the fruit.
Commercially, invert sugar is prepared as a syrup of about 70% soluble solids concentration.
First notice thatNow multiply the matrix we wish to invert by its alleged inverse:which verifies that it is the inverse.
For example a 64-bit bus could be partitioned into eight 8-bit subbuses with a total of 8 added invert signals.
In contrast to bitters, they have a higher sugar content, expressed as invert sugar.
However, DPPs have demonstrated the additional capability to invert this recruitment order.
Intuitively one-way functions are functions that are easy to compute and hard to invert.
Most commercial glucose occurs as a component of invert sugar, a roughly 1:1 mixture of glucose and fructose.
Reflective prisms are used to reflect light, in order to flip, invert, rotate, deviate or displace the light beam.
This means that invert sugar has the ability to prevent crystallization, and produce a tender marshmallow.
An elliptical beam will invert its ellipticity ratio as it propagates from the far field to the waist.
The CIA invert is a one-dollar value postage stamp error issued by the United States Postal Service.
Invert the images to create four negatives.
The first duplicative transposition occurred about 1.2mya with a second larger genomic sequence invert occurring 880,000ya.
The eigenvectors are preserved, and one can solve the shift-and-invert problem by an iterative solver, e.g., the power iteration.
The board of directors induce Nelson to partake in an experiment to "re-invert" him.
The next step is to invert each of these separations.
Weak one-way function can be defined similarly except that the probability that every adversarial fails to invert f is noticeable.
In order to recover the original signal, we have to invert the Lazy Wavelet Transform.
There are more complex kinds of inverter circuit that more accurately invert impedances.
This offense is structurally the same as a 2-3-1, but the midfielders and attackmen switch, or invert their positions.
Negating a two's complement number is simple: Invert all the bits and add one to the result.
In 1860, Marcellin Berthelot isolated invertase and showed that succinic acid did not invert sucrose.
These techniques attempt to invert the image formation model in order to recover the surface orientation at each pixel.
It is also possible for the subject to invert with a negative contraction (can't, isn't, etc.
The waterproof membrane was sprayed onto the primary lining and the pre-cast invert and side section installed.
Next, invert the slide/coverslip stack and remove the microscope slide from gel.
However, an invert error occurred during production, showing the head "upside down."
Unlike most pendulum rides, the Ranger is reliant primarily on the motors to invert, as opposed to momentum.
Another common offense is known as the "invert", and is more commonly used at the college level.
She found that actors typically add, drop or invert single words.
Purer molasses syrups are sold as molasses, and may also be blended with maple syrup, invert sugars, or corn syrup.
The proof roughly goes as below:Invert with respect to the incircle of triangle ABC.
The Itoh-Tsujii inversion algorithm is used to invert elements in a finite field.
The public key is the composition which is by assumption hard to invert without the knowledge of the trapdoor.
They showed how to enhance, suppress and invert the convection modes.
The trick was adapted from the Fakie 360 invert, which Phillips credited to Shawn Peddie.
However, these days it is not uncommon for teams to invert the colours.
The knot will invert, "much the same as a mitten is turned inside out."
DCC can also be used to invert secondary alcohols.
Over a period of hours, a pathologic Q wave may appear and the T wave will invert.
They function to invert the effects of other molecules.
It does not invert or alter its input signal in any way.
The bus-invert decoder takes the code word and produces the corresponding source word.
Kokolo aimed to invert the negative connotation of the term through the positivity in their music.
Honey is a mixture (principally) of glucose and fructose, giving it similar properties to invert syrup.
Buchan's three novels were written to interest his students in reading.
The tests focus on the state's Academic Standards for reading, writing, mathematics and science.
He was an Assistant Master at Harrow School and Perpetual curate at Holy Trinity, Reading until his appointment as Archdeacon.
His two early books remained unnoticed by the reading public.
The tests focused on the state's Academic Standards for reading, writing, mathematics and science.
In reading, just 77% of the students were on grade level.
The College Board also reported that nationwide scores were: 497 in reading, 513 in math and 487 in writing.
The reading featured Russell Tovey, Gina McKee, Simon Paisley Day and Flora Spencer-Longhurst.
The signal covers South Central Pennsylvania and can be heard in neighboring communities such as York, Harrisburg, Reading and Lebanon.
No one has been exempted in the knowledge of reading and writing, even women.
Norwegian Institute for Adult Learning, or VOX-laering for arbeidslivet (official site) Promotes adult learning within reading, writing, arithmetic and ICT.
Lysons (see "further reading"), published in 1796, stated that the manor house was currently being occupied as a farm.
Instructions were given on a wide variety of items ranging from first aid, map reading, chemical warfare, and demolitions.
The fifth grade is evaluated in reading, mathematics and writing.
She taught women hygiene, discipline, health, reading and writing.
Inner-ear-enhancing anti-motion sickness medications were clinically recognized to improve most all reading and non-reading dyslexic symptoms and mechanisms.
After the break, Tshibola put Reading ahead before a West Ham own goal extended the lead.
He has played club hockey for Holcombe, Royal Racing Club and Reading.
In 2012, Grandview Elementary School declined to Warning AYP status, due to lagging achievement in reading and math.
Further defeats to Team Northumbria and Reading sealed their exit at the conclusion of the group stage.
This can be done directly at the request of opening a CI, but also after some time of reading it.
Trainees were taught theoretical and practical subjects including physical training, shooting, explosives, sabotage, map-reading, Morse code, and observation skills.
The related classes Reader and Writer are abstract base classes for reading from and writing to character streams, respectively.
Sadly, his decline makes for reading more painful than engrossing."
In 2013-14, only 58% of the students were reading on grade level in grades 3rd through 5th.
He enjoyed reading books and playing sports as a kid.
Riegels reportedly later sent Marshall a letter reading "Welcome to the club".
Reading and replying to the mail sometimes takes her more than eight hours a day.
The concept of the triple goddess has been applied to a feminist reading of Shakespeare.
Dismissing the theory as based on a faulty reading of the original text.
Reading Leviticus 8:23, Milgrom noted that abundant attestation exists of ritual daubing in the ancient Near East.
After reading it and promoting its publication Freud commended Groddeck to the Berlin Psychoanalytic Association.
The Junkies also released audio of them reading their lines in their Washington studio ahead of the film's release.
The children and Mark often speculate over what tale he is from, sometimes reading through a book of nursery rhymes.
These are not digraphs, as they retain the normal sequential reading of the two glyphs.
Keeping of weather records was originally started by the University College of Reading (a precursor of the university) in 1900.
The Tyler supporters, holding signs reading "Tyler and Texas!"
He did much of his studying by reading manuscripts he found while working as a librarian.
Signs were put up around South Armagh reading "Sniper at Work".
The percentage of high school students who scored proficient and advanced in reading/literature declined to 52.5%.
Reading it she finally realizes her father's true intentions and returns home to her family.
The school also offers structured math and reading classes for those who want it.
He enjoys reading, cycling and playing golf.
It is arranged in the traditional way, beginning top right and reading columns down.
The fourth grade is tested in reading, math and science.
He signed for Reading at the age of 15.
Yamaguchi quickly wrote the song after reading a review in Musica of Clammbon's album Musical (2007).
Much emphasis is given to the importance of reading and to reflecting on the reading.
He obtained a BSc degree from Reading University.
The Poly-88 ROM contained a boot loader program, capable of reading programs from the cassette tape interface.
During his pontificate, Pope John XXIII recommended the reading of Duns Scotus's theology to modern theology students.
The reading room was turned over to the Women's Christian Temperance Union (WCTU) in 1888.
After a bill takes its second reading, it is open to debate on amendments and motions.
Shortly after Ginsberg's reading at Better Books, plans were hatched for the International Poetry Incarnation.
The College Board reported that nationwide scores were: 497 in reading, 513 in math and 487 in writing.
Spiller replaces Councilwoman Michele Charmello, who represented the Third Ward sections of Avenel and Port Reading.
The Scranton/Wilkes-Barre RailRiders were founded in 1919 in Reading, Pennsylvania, as the Reading Coal Barons.
It may also be obtained through interviews, downloads from online sources, or reading documentation.
His performance is based on Charles Dickens' original reading tour script.
Patrick Nye joined the Laboratories to lead a team working on the reading machine for the blind.
This largely accounts for the focus on time spent reading, especially independent reading.
To get a few of my favorite lines, just keep reading."
Text linguistics stimulates reading by arousing interest in texts or novels.
The testing of 8th grade in reading and mathematics began in 1999, as a state initiative.
The station is licensed to Boyertown, Pennsylvania and serves the Reading area.
Following graduation, he began his professional career with the Reading Rage of the Premier Development League.
He adapted to reading music and developed a good ear and natural musical intelligence.
Certain statistics such as combat skill and endurance attributes are determined randomly before play (reading).
Another possibility was that the reading of the three-pointer altimeter was misinterpreted.
It combines a reading of Hegel's philosophical works and of Jean Genet's autobiographical writing.
This remains, however a fast and easy way to gain a little further depth in a reading.
Dan is reading a Gossip Girl post about how his book, "Inside" is failing.
Starfall is a children's website that teaches basic English reading and writing skills.
The national averages were 505 for mathematics, 491 for reading, and 494 for writing.
The book has become required reading for secondary schoolchildren in Thailand.
In this respect, bulk reading is a fuzzy method for process support.
Shwer first reached out to Rivera after reading an article about her in the New York Daily News.
Its genome has been sequenced and contains approximately 6600 nucleotides organized into four open reading frames.
In 2011, East Elementary School was in School Improvement I status due to lagging student achievement in reading and mathematics.
Taylor learned that he was to receive the award in mid-December after reading several newspapers.
The reading specialist is authorized to teach reading and to provide technical assistance and professional development to teachers.
On this reading, formula is valid if all such interpretations make it true.
In late 870, King Ethelred led the army of Wessex against the Danes in their stronghold at Reading.
Franklin Gowen endeavored to improve upon the benefits to the Reading Railroad of this shipping terminus / transshipping hub.
The degree of overloading was consistent with ground crew reading the kilogram markings on the cargo as pounds.
For the purposes of this example, this array supports both reading and writing elements.
The author tells his dramatic story authoritatively, but with a light hand which makes for entertaining reading.
His reading was fast and accurate, and his intuition and positional judgment were often praised.
The Philadelphia and Reading, sometimes referred to as the Reading Railroad, merged the short line as its Perkiomen Branch.
He attended Reading Academy in Flemington and Lafayette College in Easton, Pennsylvania.
Duggal then appeared in a lead role for Rajeev Chaudhari's romantic film Beiimaan Love alongside Sunny Leone.
Detroit scored five runs in the ninth inning to take a 7 to 5 lead over Chicago.
Lewis had been in the lead in four of the seven stages of this Alternative Vote election.
It was written by their saxophonist Lee Thompson and their co-lead vocalist Carl Smyth.
The music video was directed by Ryan Khan with Taromi Lourdes Joseph as the lead female actress (Alice).
In 2014, annual global production of lead was about ten million tonnes, over half of which was from recycling.
In 1967 Ramadas was officially elected to lead Kerala Assembly from Attingal in Thiruvananthapuram district.
Of note, she would lead the Tigers in scoring during her senior season.
Earlier harvesting of the grasses during the breeding season lead to more female deaths.
Sahil is a 1959 Bollywood film starring Shammi Kapoor and Chitra in lead roles.
Lead is a neurotoxin that accumulates in soft tissues and bones, damages the nervous system, and causes blood disorders.
The report further argues that the doctrine was fully implemented during Operation Cast Lead.
Middlesbrough finish the month as outright leaders of Division One with a two-point lead over Wolverhampton Wanderers.
The Yankees extended their lead to 3½ games.
The race would be the first time that Kanaan failed to lead the Indianapolis 500.
In the fourth quarter, the Titans increased their lead with RB LenDale White getting a 7-yard TD run.
As the lead singer/lead guitarist with Bay Area rockers Y&T, Meniketti has sold over 4 million records worldwide.
And then the flyest lead singer the world has ever seen comes on and starts singing some shit."
Modern pewters are available that are completely free of lead
The contestant in the lead after this round advanced to the Grand Savant Round.
Like the lighter members of the group, lead tends to bond with itself
Modern organized sports developed in the 19th century, with the United Kingdom and the United States taking the lead.
Artificial Heart is also the first Coulton album to feature guest lead vocals and a duet.
Manterola was nominated for a TVyNovelas Award for Best Lead Actress for her work on Apuesta por un Amor.
The album's lead single was the self-produced track "Push", with "Let's Go" as its B-Side.
They lead to a reinforcing pattern, in which industries 'tip' towards one or another product design.
March's home was searched, leading to the discovery of documents and sufficient evidence to lead to an arrest and charges.
The Redskins led 24-0 early in the third quarter, but Buffalo cut the lead to 24-10.
In 1980, he resigned from the ACB, to lead a more secluded life.
The win put him back into the point lead.
Dale Earnhardt, who was running third, slipped by, and took over the lead.
Pewters containing lead are no longer used in items (such as cups, plates, or jewelry) that will come in contact with the human body due to health concerns stemming from the lead content.
Other inactive mines include a copper mine on the northwestern slope of Hog's Back and a lead mine in Leadville.
Johnson played the lead role in a new Flash Gordon TV series that debuted on Sci Fi in August 2007.
West played guitar, bass and provided lead vocals, Holmes played keyboards and bass, and Coulter played the drums.
The Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense, Heath Affairs is the designated lead component for this sector.
Been to the Future is the solo album by Joey Eppard, the lead vocalist and guitarist for the band 3.
The film stars Kalyan Kumar, Jayanthi, K. S. Ashwath and Narasimharaju in lead roles.
The first part "Tarnowskie" comes from the name of village "Tarnowice" where deposits of lead enriched by silver were found.
Chris Norman, founder member and former lead singer of Smokie was born in Redcar.
It is the lead single from his album Celebrate!
Sean O'Connor nearly doubled the lead from a free-kick but it was tipped over the bar by Peter Cherrie.
He was promoted again on 1 February 1940, to lead I./Jagdgeschwader 1 as Gruppenkommandeur.
Lead is easily extracted from its ores
Lead vocalist, McGee rejoined Sorcery in 1984 and stayed with them for the remainder of their duration through 1987.
Anquetil won almost three minutes on Gaul and extended his lead to more than ten minutes.
The escalating attacks lead Amazon leaders Phillipus and Artemis to question Hippolyta's motives.
The use of Siberian red lead as a paint pigment then developed rapidly.
Wilson got the jump on the restart, and pulled out to over a 4-second lead to preserve the win.
Lead is a chemical element with symbol Pb (from the Latin plumbum) and atomic number 82.
In 2001, he made his debut as a lead actor in a feature film in Peter Cattaneo's Lucky Break.
The race had 18 lead changes among eight different drivers, as well as seven caution flag periods for 30 laps.
Finally, the rat is trained to wear a harness and practises outdoors on a lead, finding inactive mines under soil.
If this happened at low altitude, it would often lead to the total loss of the aircraft.
In 2004, he endorsed Frank Klees's bid to lead the Ontario Progressive Conservatives.
The film stars Vijayakashi, Vaishali Kasaravalli, Padmashree and Chandrakumar Jain in lead roles.
Jean-Claude Van Damme was cast in the lead role.
He dismissed the suggestion that federalism could lead separation, saying that separatist movements only took root in unitary states.
Slings used both lead pellets and stones; stones were also commonly thrown by hand.
It stars Tarun Chandra, Radhika Pandit, and Dileep Raj in the lead roles.
Many of its members (especially those in the elite Crimson Guard units) lead seemingly normal lives, supporting Cobra covertly.
Lead has the highest atomic number of any stable element and concludes three major decay chains of heavier elements.
The 1986 team was managed by former player Leon Roberts who had temporarily lead the team the previous season.
This was more promising: he started from the second row of the grid and stormed into an immediate lead.
If not treated, ERU can lead to blindness, which occurs more often in Appaloosas than in other breeds.
It was released as the lead single from their third studio album La Liberacion.
Dorothy Moore was the lead singer for The Poppies.
It is traditionally composed of 85–99% tin, mixed with copper, antimony, bismuth, and sometimes lead, although the use of lead is less common today.
The band is chosen every three months from the community of St. Saviour, to lead the difficult confined life.
Chronic stress can lead to memory loss, damage spatial recognition and produce a decreased drive of eating.
The angular recesses lead to eight small octagon rooms, four below and as many above with separate stairs to each.
NOAA was one of the lead agencies responsible for responding to the oil spill.
An architectural study was carried out between 2000 and 2002, but it did not lead to any excavation work.
1469 saw a wooden bell-tower covered in lead constructed 50 feet above the transept.
The film stars Vishnuvardhan, Aarathi, Madhavi and Jayamalini in lead roles.
Any decline of prices, or opposition in trade, would lead to violence.
He performed the lead role of Romeo, with British ballerina Patricia Ruanne creating the role of Juliet.
Exceeding the Tolerable Upper Intake Level of 400 micrograms per day can lead to selenosis.
The film starred Shivrajkumar and Sudha Rani in lead roles with both making their debuts.
The race is the main lead-up race for the Australian Oaks.
The head monk should take the lead for others and be a role model in learning and practice."
Copper and antimony act as hardeners while lead is more common in the lower grades of pewter, which have a bluish tint.
Rutherford took over the lead on lap 141, and seemed to have the race in hand.
Wittmann held the lead to Lisboa with Bottas, Juncadella and Nasr all in close proximity to the Signature driver's car.
Lester Square (born Thomas Woodburne Bruce Hardy, April 17, 1954, Canada) is the Canadian lead guitarist for The Monochrome Set.
Lead is soft and malleable, and has a relatively low melting point.
In 978, Bardas was recalled by Basil II to lead the imperial forces against the rebellion of Bardas Skleros.
He was the writer and lead actor in the 2005 film short, The Underminer, produced and directed by Todd Downing.
The lead single, "In Your Face", won the Dove Award for hard music song in 1990.
The Packers would hold the lead for the rest of the game.
The prosecution agreed to take the death penalty off the table if Hilton would lead investigators to her body.
Lead is a relatively unreactive post-transition metal.
The church is constructed in red Runcorn sandstone, with lead and tiled roofs.
Despite a lower stroke rate, the Light Blues had extended their lead to three lengths by Hammersmith Bridge.
Compounds of lead are usually found in the +2 oxidation state rather than the +4 state common with lighter members of the carbon group.
It was released as the lead single from the EP on September 20, 2011, through 604 Records.
Purdue took the lead with 10:40 in the first quarter and scored twice more in the next four minutes.
At first, Woody Strode was cast in the lead role but Strode changed his mind and dropped out.
In April 2010, he replaced Chris Stapleton as the lead singer and guitarist of The SteelDrivers.
In extreme cases, cult films can lead to the creation of religions, such as Dudeism.
The cyclist with the most points lead the classification, and was identified with a polkadot jersey.
It is thought that the fort was probably built to protect Roman lead-mining interests in the Peak District.
Vishnu featured in the male lead role in both these films.
It was released through Wax Records as the lead single from the album on October 30, 2012.
The siege ended at exactly 1541 GMT after UTK members stormed the building with tear gas and shot the suspect.
The man, seeing another innocent man, proceeds to tear up his coat.
Riot police used tear gas and batons against the protesters who in turn threw stones at police.
Once you arrest me, thousands of people will tear you apart."
When X-51 arrived, he and Otomo fought, and Otomo managed to tear X-51 apart, but his nanotechnology to rebuilt him.
If a hook goes in deep enough below the barb, pulling the hook out will tear the flesh.
The 1990s saw the FLNC organisation tear itself apart through a series of deadly internal feuds.
Because ribbon seal skins tear easily, they are most suitable for decoration or ceremonial clothing.
He was picked as one of Tear Sheet magazine's "50 Most Beautiful Faces" of October 2001.
He employed women to tear up sheets of stamps in the evening from this address.
In 2002 the family signed a deal with contractors to tear the place down and develop the property.
The name Dungibara is made up of two words; Dungi meaning wet, tear etc.
Using them would also prevent wear and tear on the heads of the VHS itself.
In the dead-center of the continent lies "The Chaos," which was a tear in the fabric of the prime-material plane.
The priest is shown watching them leave and wiping a tear from his eye.
The point will tear even if the rest of the knife is comparatively dull.
The Jacka sampled most of the song in 2008 for the single "Storm" featuring Cormega for his album "Tear Gas".
Turandot demands that Ping tear the Prince's name from Liu, and he orders her to be tortured.
Locations for the bone anchors are selected based on number and severity of tear.
In almost a repeat of Game three, a 12-4 tear by Alaska in the last five minutes iced Swift's downfall.
Dryden and Lee make their Oedipus tear out his eyes as well, but unlike Sophocles' Oedipus, he commits suicide.
According to Bell, "Most studios, as soon as you do the drums they will tear down the drums.
Bell ended up having a partial tear of his meniscus, on the lateral part of the meniscus in his knee.
French riot police used tear gas and charged at hundreds of England fans, as flares were set off.
There the squadron was equipped with steel helmets and gas masks and training in the tear gas chamber.
Fearing that this would tear them apart, Carla is pleasantly surprised when Doug proposes.
The use of over-the-counter artificial-tear solutions can reduce the effects of dry eye in CVS.
Mandopop singer Valen Hsu covered the song in her 1996 album Tear Sea, titled "Fang Sheng Da Ku" (放聲大哭; "Wailing").
The end result of the process is a lustrous, tear-resistant yarn which is extremely hardwearing.
The women cried during the procession, and the more tears collected in tear bottles meant the deceased was more important.
Fixed assets depreciate in value over time, due to wear and tear and market obsolescence.
Various tear patterns and configurations have been described.
He also appeared in the video clip for "Tear You Apart" by She Wants Revenge as Tommy.
Edwards and Kyle Busch removed tear-offs from their windshields and were required to go to the back of the field.
If a tear is detected, treatment depends on the type and size of the tear.
As the Avengers have left Earth to fight the Builders, Thanos has come to tear the Illuminati apart.
The soldiers fired tear gas and stun grenades at the demonstrators.
Love Will Tear Us Apart is a cover of the song from Joy Division.
On May 5, 2015, it was revealed that his elbow was diagnosed with a partial tear of the UCL.
Her knee injury in the prior game would turn out to be a season-ending ACL tear.
For the first time during the 1989 Tiananmen Protests, the police fired tear gas to repel protesters.
Police ultimately resorted to tear gas to break up the crowd.
The film ends with Purushan's mother watching Hari's mother wiping her tear.
The police respond by shooting a tear gas grenade into the area.
One night I was sitting in the studio alone, looking at Woody's tear-sheets from the ECs, when Warren called.
At the apartment, a vengeance demon appears suddenly before Xander, threatening to tear him into pieces.
In this form, Torque can tear enemies apart and can perform several powerful attacks.
The school board voted to tear down the condemned building and build a new one at the same site.
Based on the detail of the teeth, the molars suggest that the animal could rend and tear flesh.
It was then revealed the next day that he had suffered a slight tear in his right meniscus.
The house was marketed as a potential "tear down", with no mention of Mann in accompanying sales literature.
As the continent proceeds to tear itself apart, the people of Atlantis panic, striving without success to escape their doom.
The eye was severely slashed on the sclera which resulted in a retinal tear and a detached retina.
According to police, some protesters threw bottles at the officers, prompting the use of tear gas to disperse the crowd.
The buckram used is a 100% cotton, bulky fabric designed to withstand wear and tear (Jones 1993).
It is a tear-drop shaped atoll, 11 nautical miles (20 km; 13 mi) long North-South and fringed with coral reefs.
It is so-named because the ball drops down from the high point of the arc like a falling tear drop.
Eventually, "Never Tear Us Apart" by INXS was suggested by Port Adelaide's events manager, Tara MacLeod.
The police again used tear gas and a water cannon to control crowds.
They'd rather try to tear our campaign down than lift this country up.
He added that he would love to tear the throat out of the person who killed Vengalli.
Finally, Gamera manages to tear off Legion's horn, and she momentarily collapses in defeat.
The main construction fabric is Hypalon-coated Nylon which provides a durable, non-tear surface.
They were dispersed by police firing tear gas and rubber bullets.
Significantly improved scores in ocular discharge, conjunctival hyperaemia, corneal changes and Schirmer tear tests (STT) were seen.
The bird can then tear off flesh by using the projection as an anchor.
This cup-type launcher can also be used to launch tear-gas and riot control grenades.
German Federal and state special police forces use the MZP 1 as tear gas launcher.
The police refused to release them and used tear gas shells.
It was voted first place in Famitsu's and Dengeki's polls of most tear-inducing games of all time.
People covered their faces with wet handkerchiefs to counter the effects of the tear gas and barricaded streets with cars.
Cats with the condition cannot be grasped by the scruff, as this may tear away.
Chemical weapons in World War I included phosgene, tear gas, chlorarsines and mustard gas.
An MRI exam revealed that he had a complete tear of the ulnar collateral ligament.
Taylor warns the family that Kane is extremely clever and will try to tear them apart.
They use them as a tool to tear their prey into pieces that are small enough for them to swallow.
The garland adorning its keystone and leans is the same that will be maintained until the arc is tear down.
Some violent demonstrations have been controlled with tear gas and water cannons.
Both medals, the twelve and twenty-five-year medals, have the tear-drop suspension loop.
Police responded with tear gas, the squatters with slingshots, fireworks and Molotov cocktails.
He plays the message over and over again, swearing he heard sadness and regret, or "a tear" in her voice.
Young women tear down the patriotic posters.
The former spent four weeks in that chart, peaking at #64, whilst "Tear Down the Walls" peaked at #61.
Poppinga's season was cut short by an ACL tear on December 11 in a game against the Detroit Lions.
The injury proved to be a tear of Alexander's anterior cruciate ligament (ACL).
Dozens of protesters were injured, and it was later confirmed that the Kosovo Police had used tear gas.
During shaping he would vigorously tear, pound, and gouge their surfaces.
They stumble into a monsoon that is threatening to tear apart a village church.
Perhaps most important, coldly efficient bombings tear at the fabric of trust that holds societies together."
The Naramata Syndicate also built scows for freight and cargo to assist Skookum and the other ferries.
In January 2009, the Universal Syndicate announced that Kilpatrick would end this column because of health reasons.
During 1945, King Features Syndicate attempted to distribute Jane in the United States.
It is the first channel to syndicate content from countries such as Pakistan, Ukraine, South Korea and Turkey.
Dundurn Park predates the syndicate and the other subdivisions.
Streibel's assistants were Al Bare, Dave Huffine and Frank McNitt, the son of McNaught Syndicate co-founder Virgil McNitt.
Starr's third novel, Fake I.D., concerns a bouncer's desperate attempts to join a horse-owning syndicate.
During an investigation, he is attacked by members of a crime syndicate known as the Black Organization.
One of the main characters of the series; Amadeo is a vengeful and iron-fisted leader of a crime syndicate.
Jack, however, secretly organized a syndicate that purchased control of the company.
In 1884, he established the McClure Syndicate, the first U.S. newspaper syndicate, which serialized books.
Apparently a part of the Scorpio syndicate, she was captured when shot by an unseen hitman.
This was formalized into a Property Owners' Syndicate, founded on December 21, 1925, and presided upon by Constantin Tamara.
Sinister Syndicate appears in Marvel Super Hero Squad Online.
The syndicate ordered Gray to drop the sequence and develop another adventure.
An alternate version of Mary appeared on a computer page of the lesser members of the Syndicate.
Though rights to the strip remain with Paws, Inc., it is currently distributed by Universal Press Syndicate.
Initially distributed by Publishers Syndicate (Publishers-Hall Syndicate), and then by Field Enterprises, it ended at King Features Syndicate.
Spit Syndicate are an ARIA Award-nominated Australian hip hop duo based in Sydney, Australia.
The syndicate distributed both Montague's poems and light fiction pieces, all under his own copyright.
As such, humanity was spared immediate invasion, and The Syndicate began negotiations with the Colonists.
At the end of the year she was sold to a Japanese breeding syndicate and exported to Japan.
He launched Aggie Mack with the Chicago Tribune Syndicate in 1946.
Caplin, acting as Myers' business manager, submitted these to the Chicago Tribune Syndicate.
He is the leader of an evil crime syndicate called MAD.
In the Franco era he served as provincial president of the metal syndicate from 1963 to 1966.
Students at the College formerly submitted to GCE Advanced Levels through the University of Cambridge Local Examinations Syndicate.
The first Cambridge English exam was produced in 1913 by UCLES (University of Cambridge Local Examinations Syndicate).
She was a writer on the video game Syndicate.
He is one among many supervillains who rejoined The Hood's crime syndicate and attacked an invading Skrull force.
She ran the syndicate for 52 years.
Syndicate Wars was developed as the third video game title in the Syndicate series, created by Bullfrog Productions.
He offered the Crime Syndicate an escape if they would help him in 1962 to take Cuba's Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles.
Feder's column was syndicated by Creators Syndicate and carried by more than 40 newspapers and e-magazines.
He manufactured aircraft engines, traded with the Germans, and played a pivotal role in a collaborationist art syndicate.
Eventually they find out that Mutschmann did the robbery for Red Dieter, the head of the German Strength crime syndicate.
In 1986, Yeung was convicted of operating an illegal bookmaking syndicate and fined $50,000.
Prager's columns are handled by Creators Syndicate.
In 1995, Erickson released All That May Do My Rhyme on Butthole Surfers drummer King Coffey's label Trance Syndicate Records.
Infamous Syndicate was an American hip hop duo from Chicago, comprising the female rappers Shawnna and Teefa.
He was supposedly murdered on orders from Luciano and the new National Crime Syndicate.
With a title change, it sold to King Features Syndicate which carried the strip from 1921 to 1959.
RSS feeds enable publishers to syndicate data automatically.
Key retired in 1993, but King Features continued to syndicate Hazel using material he had prepared for his retirement.
In 1919 the Mauritius Sugar Syndicate came into being, and it included 70% of all sugar producers.
In 1890 the East Shore Terminal Company was formed by a syndicate of outside railroad investors.
They sponsor the Santa Cruz Syndicate, a downhill racing team.
The Merriam Webster Dictionary defines syndicate as a group of people or businesses that work together as a team.
Meanwhile, the Syndicate rendezvous at a checkpoint, preparing to be taken away by the Colonists, who are prepping for invasion.
Syndicate Bank is one of the oldest and major commercial banks of India.
There also were parties in Germany (Dortmund Westfalenhalle, the event is called Syndicate now) and in Switzerland (Basel).
The syndicate entered Fine Cotton in a race at Eagle Farm on 18 August 1984.
He would have been an independent contractor for the syndicate, unheard of in the 1940s, but the deal fell through.
Others who took a stand against the Syndicate were James A. Herne, James O'Neill.
From 1948 until 1971, his work was syndicated by the McNaught Syndicate.
This teenage girl is part of a helmeted syndicate that is hostile towards Regina and Dylan.
The trio meet their wives, their kids and Kwai's syndicate during a barbecue.
In a November 2016 interview, Edward Douglas called it "one of my favorite albums Midnight Syndicate has ever done."
The contracts stated that authors could not use their Stratemeyer Syndicate pseudonyms independently of the Syndicate.
Artemicion was a purple and black Moogle who is in charge of the Mognet mail delivery syndicate.
Content distributors syndicate a web feed, thereby allowing users to subscribe to it.
Bonanno's audacious goal was to take over the National Crime Syndicate and make Magliocco his right hand man.
The influence of the Syndicate in Washington D.C. opposed any further movement towards Alaskan home rule.
The original team was specifically known as Crime Syndicate of America and is sometimes abbreviated as CSA.
He worked his way up to editor of United Features Syndicate.
There is no record of syndicate "juice" operations in Chicago, for instance until the 1950s.
This theme is made manifest by the Syndicate and the human conspiracy with the aliens.
Lucky, Otis' unreliable cousin who works for Big Meat, the leader of the Outlaw Syndicate, offers to help.
Their second LP Beheaded was released on Trance Syndicate on October 24, 1996.
Another syndicate he headed purchased the Indians in 1972 for $10 million from Vernon Stouffer.
The one-hour series is based on the British television show The Syndicate, which was created by Kay Mellor.
Great White had planned to take over Gotham's criminal syndicate and eliminate the competition, the Penguin included.
After the ratification of the Lodge Corollary, Japan disavowed any connection to the syndicate and the deal was never completed.
It was primarily produced by Toni Cottura, with additional production from Alex Christensen, Marc Mozart, Syndicate Music, and others.
Singer/guitarist Tench Coxe later played as part of Three On a Hill, and Bedhead (Trance Syndicate).
This year, Universal, which now owns the syndicate, said they wouldn't be issuing one.
Further improvements were made to the river above Evesham from 1664 by a syndicate led by Andrew Yarranton.
His most recent published project is Assassin's Creed Syndicate, released in October 2015.
He also writes commentaries for Project Syndicate, an international not-for-profit newspaper syndicate and association of newspapers.
Paul Winckler, owner of the Opera Mundi syndicate, distributed the comics from King Features Syndicate in France since 1928.
Beogradski Sindikat (Serbian Cyrillic: Београдски Синдикат, English: Belgrade Syndicate) is a Serbian hip-hop collective from Belgrade, Serbia.
At the time of its establishment, the bank was known as Canara Industrial and Banking Syndicate Limited.
Peter Anson formed a band, the Syndicate.
The Bell Syndicate, Inc. Bruccoli E3320Lardner, Ring W. "Dorgan's Fire, Buck's New House and an Anonymous Cow Add Thrills."
Hagen turned in 20 rough drafts to Creators Syndicate and within weeks got a contract.
French Steel Construction Syndicate declared it as the most beautiful steel work (Bridges Category) in 2008.
At the cottage, Rhodes offered Maund financial and professional incentives to defect from the London syndicate.
In 1986, the Register and Tribune Syndicate was sold to Hearst and the King Features Syndicate for $4.3 million.
The Kudo-kai yakuza syndicate is headquartered in Kokurakita.
It was syndicated by the Register and Tribune Syndicate, now part of King Features Syndicate.
Later he became intimate with the Prince Consort and the Duke of Leinster.
The two were ancestors of Queen consort Catherine Parr.
Bernhardt was eventually forced to remove him from his post and reduce him to Prince Consort.
The shrine of the consort of Hara Saabha Vimochana, Kamalavalli or Kamala Nachiyar, is located in the first precinct.
In the Nepalese and Tibetan Buddhist tradition, Vishvavajri becomes Acala's consort.
The 20th-century historical text Draft History of Qing incorrectly recorded Imperial Noble Consort Chunhui's family name as "Sugiya" (蘇佳).
While the details of Panji's consort, Chandra Kirana, was based on queen Cri Kirana.
The ensemble has an associated choral group, Choir of The King's Consort.
Although she was not an official consort of the crown prince, she received treatment just like one.
He is a consort of Mayahuel, who is a mask-avatar of Xochiquetzal.
Recently, she had captured Captain America and had him mutated into Spider-King to stand as her consort.
As queen consort, Zenobia remained in the background and was not mentioned in the historical record.
After the young Grand Duke chose Juliane, she began her training as a consort.
He was the son of the late Louise Hippolyte, Princess of Monaco and her consort Jacques Goyon de Matignon.
Queen Tripurasundari of Nepal; Queen Consort of King Rana Bahadur Shah.
They included poets, adventurers, soldiers, scientists and politicians (local and national), as well as the Queen and Prince Consort.
The Liberalia (17 March) is the festival of Liber Pater and his consort Libera.
Emperor Muzong honored Consort Guo as empress dowager.
From 1885, the Prince Consort Prize was awarded in alternate years.
He is often accompanied by his consort Parvati or shown with Nandi the bull.
In 1780, Charles succeeded his father as sovereign Duke of Brunswick, and Augusta thus became Duchess consort.
It wasn't until 2005 that a new Paul Winter Consort album was released: The Grammy award-winning Silver Solstice.
It was said that Consort Guo tended to him carefully and comforted him.
ReinierMatilda (Maud) of Louvain, countess consort of Boulogne as wife of Eustace I of BoulogneEustache I de Fiennes (ca.
Wilhelmina was the longest serving Princess consort of Orange.
His consort however died a few years later.
Li Siyuan subsequently created Consort Cao empress, and later promoted Consort Wang to the rank of Shufei.
Lady Da claims Mercer as her consort.
His mother was Consort Xiang from the Niohuru clan.
One of Li Heng's other consorts, Consort Du, was a daughter of the official Du Youlin (杜有鄰).
Since 1831, a new crown has been made specially for each queen consort.
Consort Helan sent her son a message, asking him to save her.
The Silk One (aka Ko Dali's daughter), consort of Yakub Beg (Flashman at the Charge).
Should the Crown Prince ascend the throne as expected, Masako will become empress consort.
Choi was given the posthumous title "Lady Hwagyeong, Royal Noble Consort Suk of the Choe clan" (Hangul: 화경숙빈최씨; Hanja: 和瓊淑嬪崔氏).
She was married to King Magnus VI of Norway and was Queen consort of Norway.
The temple has a number of shrines, with those of Oondreswarar and his consort Minnoli Amman being the most prominent.
He will marry his eternal consort Lakshmi who is the Heavenly mother.
Srim denotes Lakshmi, Vishnu's consort/shakti, thus Dattatreya's shakti is in the mantra.
The devil is a dead-beat dad and his consort Lilith couldn't care less.
Throughout Chinese history consort kins have exercised great power at various times.
The Empress Matilda: Queen Consort, Queen Mother and Lady of the English.
Gormflaith was notable for been the successive queen consort of Munster, Leinster and Tara.
His mother Marie Louise was the second wife and Empress consort of Napoleon I from 1810 to 1814.
He was the third son of his mother, Imperial Noble Consort Jing, who was from the Mongol Borjigin clan.
She also became the first queen ever ruled the three kingdoms of Manila after his consort dies.
Agane was a consort Countess of Orléans and died before 862.
Isabella of Balzo (24 June 1465 - 1533) was a Queen consort of Naples.
The Lives and Liberation of Princess Mandarava: The Indian Consort of Padmasambhava.
It was only at this time that officials revealed to Emperor He that he was born of Consort Liang.
As an earth goddess in Sumerian mythology, Ki was the chief consort of An, the sky god.
She became the fourth wife of Sultan Mahmud Syah and Queen Consort of the Johor-Riau Sultanate.
Consort Chen Farong (陳法容) was an imperial consort during the Chinese dynasty Liu Song.
By this point, Consort Niu was carrying the title of Zhaorong, the sixth highest rank for imperial consorts.
In 180, Emperor Ling made Consort He empress to replace his first wife Empress Song, who was deposed in 178.
His principal spouse was Empress Xiaodingjing, while his two consorts were Consort Jin and Consort Zhen.
Margrethe and her consort Henrik also used the palace as their summer residence.
Outside the temple yard and beyond the northern gate lies the shrine to Teyvanai, the consort of Murugan.
Its sequel, A Three Part Consort of New Musick (1697), became popular enough to warrant three editions.
She was the longest serving empress consort in Chinese history.
Queen Caroline of United Kingdom, queen consort of George IV.
Emperor Maximilian's consort, Carlota of Mexico, a Belgian princess, was a granddaughter of Louis-Philippe of France.
Eventually, the rebellion faltered after a lack of support from the queen consort, Maria de Molina.
Smiltsena (Bulgarian: Смилцена) was the niece of Byzantine Emperor Michael VIII Palaiologos, and empress-consort (tsaritsa) of Tsar Smilets of Bulgaria.
This explains the large number of extant photographs of Consort Zhen, an unusual occurrence for a consort.
During Dvapara Yuga, Adisesha blocked Vayu from entering Vaikuntam as Lord Vishnu was in the company of his consort, Lakshmi.
She was the first consort of a Venetian doge with the title and position of dogaressa of Venice.
Queens consort Anne Boleyn, Catherine Howard and Caroline of Brunswick were prosecuted for treasonable adultery.
Her mother is credited to be a consort of Agni interchangeably known as Svaha and Agnayi (meaning, "Wife of Agni").
Zeenat-un-Nissa ("Jewel among Women") was probably born at Aurangabad to Dilras Banu Begum, her father's first wife and chief consort.
Real power was in the hands of his empress consort, Empress Wei and her lover Wu Sansi (Wu Zetian's nephew).
According to mythology, the goddess Parvathi, the consort of Shiva, once offended him.
Princess consort is an official title or an informal designation normally accorded to the wife of a sovereign prince.
Vishnu is worshipped as Veeraraghava Perumal and his consort Lakshmi as Kamalavalli Thayar.
She adopted very different policies from those of her late consort.
He is the paternal grandfather of Queen Sirikit, consort of King Bhumibol Adulyadej (Rama IX of Thailand).
His mother was Consort Lan, a concubine of Murong Huang.
She married King Sukjong as his second Queen Consort in 1681, at the age of 14.
In 394, Emperor Xiaowu honored his mother, Consort Li, as empress dowager.
They supported Jang Huibin, queen consort of Sukjong of Joseon from 1688 to 1694.
In the sky, Shiva appeared with his consort Parvati and blessed the couple.
Ankhenespepi I or Ankhenesmeryre I was a queen consort during the sixth dynasty of Egypt.
In this later version, Consort Li was an equal of Consort Liu when she gave birth to Emperor Renzong.
Li Fuguo and Consort Zhang, instead, acted first, accusing Li Tan of plotting to kill Li Chu.
Shiva is worshipped as Chandramowleeswarar and his consort Parvathi as Amirthambigai.
Cao Cao and Consort Sun had three sons: Cao Zishang, Cao Ziqin and Cao Biao.
Li Shing-cheong as Fok Yee-tai (霍爾泰), Consort Yim's uncle.
Empress Dou, jealous of how he favored Consort Tian, had her immediately put to death.
Some Rauni interpret as a name for the consort of Ukko, the Finnish god of thunder.
By that point, Emperor Gaozong's favor for his wife Empress Wang had waned, and his favorite concubine was Consort Wu.
He is portrayed as a pervert when his sister is around, who only appears in Please Twins!
According to the police, Satish appeared to be a "mentally deranged sex pervert".
Jeff is frequently shown to be a pervert.
In September 2006, Chinamasa was cleared by a judge of trying to pervert the course of justice.
He added "I am very sorry about the use of the word 'pervert'.
The verb pervert is less narrow in reference than the related nouns, and can be used without any sexual connotations.
Ichiro often calls Ranmaru a pervert and says that he has something for his younger sister.
This was the basis for his conviction for attempting to pervert the course of justice.
One day she was upset because the pervert she had previous arrested was released from jail.
At first she hated him thinking he is a pervert because of an earlier misunderstanding.
In order to move on to the afterlife, she wants to catch a pervert.
Blowie tells Boar that he thinks something has happened to Pervert, but is ignored.
He has been called pervert in many episodes.
Ox decides that Moon Boy is named after the Rabbit in the Moon, a notorious pervert.
Pipite and 10 of the other MPs faced charges of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice.
Hentai, meaning "pervert" in Japanese, is not used to describe these games in Japanese, but it is common in English.
He said that "I consider myself a pervert first and a homosexual second."
NB's still the helper robot it was originally designed for, but now it has the personality of a voyeuristic pervert.
And though he is somewhat of a pervert, he is also chivalric.
She developed a temporary crush on Yamato which partially faded when a university student protected her from a pervert.
She is athletic and is often violent towards Haruki, calling him Baka-Eroki (stupid pervert).
Along with eight former police officers charged with conspiring to pervert the course of justice, they stood trial in 2011.
Word spreads that a pervert is molesting chickens in town.
But something happens one day after he saves her from a pervert on the streets.
He is described as being a major pervert.
In their next tutoring session, Ruby brands Colin a pervert and he slaps her.
In addition, WBC called Pope Benedict XVI such epithets as "The Godfather of Pedophiles" and the "Pervert Pope".
Sir Richard testified that he 'disliked their intercourse, because Mrs. Vaux tried to pervert his wife.'
On Monday 6 August 2007 Hyman was convicted of attempting to pervert the course of justice.
Craig is a pervert; not all gays think alike".
Sean is released, and Deano and Chelsea are arrested for conspiracy to pervert the course of justice.
Kevin Symons as Bill Dexhart, a Pawnee councilman who is a self described pervert.
However, her dreams of confessing her love for Yuji are shattered, when Yuji returns as a huge pervert.
During this announcement, Bulldog entered the room and shouted, "That dirty rotten pervert Shawn Michaels!
In 2008 Newton was found guilty of nine counts of attempting to pervert the course of justice.
He is a gambler, pervert, and idiot, but also capable of ruling a country justly.
It is referred to in slang as "ringside", "gynecology row", "pervert row", and other names.
Like Yoshitaka, Mr. Sawatari is a lolicon pervert, although he wishes to "not be put in the same category."
Anchovie Allcock, also known as Pizza Guy, is Germaine's stalker and a general pervert.
To many, the Black pervert is the most dangerous threat to the American ideal.
Although my da's a surgeon, theirs a pervert.
Ariadne realizes he is a good guy and he is not a pervert, so she begins a friendship with Carlos.
Falle later said, "We were prey for every paedophile, pervert, pimp and drug dealer that was out there."
Io, although ambitious, is scared to talk to girls in fear of them labeling him as a pervert.
The puppet mascot peddling Air New Zealand to the world is a sleazy pervert, say embarrassed airline staff.
The village head or Morol Moshai Harimohan babu (Soumitra CHatterjee) is a corrupted, power centric and pervert person.
Thinking that he's a pervert, she reports him to the police and he gets arrested.
Accused of being a sexual pervert and corruptor of minors, he was called "the libidinous bishop", with a "pornographic mouth".
The ad became the foundation for a 1956 collage by Jess Collins called "Lord Pervert," which mocks Whittaker Chambers.
He is a great example of a hentai (pervert).
On 1 March 2017, a 26-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of attempting to pervert the course of justice.
The creature continues to try to pervert Thomas's intent, but is rejected.
Unfortunately, Brenda walked in on him, and thought he was a pervert.
She decides to sell bread and stumbled upon the city's general, who is a pervert.
He obviously considered Gnosticism an extremely dangerous influence, likely to pervert the minds even of members of his own circle.
Therefore, no one can pervert his means to bad purposes without committing a fraud on a divine dispensation.
He appears to be a bit of a pervert as he enjoys listening to the suggestive antics of his neighbors.
Or pervert it; he rescued it from extinction.
When Shinosuke asks who is who, they call him a pervert.
In the OVA, he is a pervert who sneaks in to the Women's dorm and bath.
During the segment with Agee, Strasser also admitted that she had once been conned by a sexual pervert.
Little did she know that this rich guy is a pervert and intends to rape her at an abandoned house.
His wife pleaded guilty to attempting to pervert the course of justice and received a two-year suspended sentence.
He is very racist, misogynistic, and a pervert.
He is looked down upon by most of the other students, especially the girls who consider him a pervert.
Although a good fellow, he is also a big pervert.
Robinson's voice continues repeatedly with the music: "Pervert the language."
She is often called a 'pervert', or 'lesbian', or other nicknames they happen to give her.
He is perceived as a pervert, but he is never aroused by these photographs.
In the writings, Proverbs 17:23 warns that a wicked person takes a gift to pervert the ways of justice.
In the manga his personality comes across as a pervert with a sadistic streak.
In July 1992 Melvin was charged with perjury and conspiracy to pervert the course of justice, and Dingle with conspiracy.
When Sigurth does sneak over to the girls' side, he meets Asuha again, who calls him a pervert.
Anri mistakes Ren as a pervert assassin at first, and even knowing the truth she likes teasing him.
He went on to appear as the Pervert in the black-comedy film Observe and Report (2009), also directed by Hill.
The police questioned more than 100 possible suspects, including "every known pervert in town", to no avail.
The mothers soon start to worry, as the kids have totally disappeared and a pervert is roaming the streets.
Pervert Park is a 2014 documentary film directed by Swedish-Danish filmmaking couple Frida and Lasse Barkfors.
The New York Post ran the headline "Peter Pan or Pervert", despite minimal information being disclosed by the police.
Xanthippe is a pervert, that is a heterosexual, in a society where homosexuality is normal.
Sakura faults Tsukumo for this design accusing him of being a pervert.
She mistakes him for a pervert at first, but later falls in love with him.
Deano and Chelsea are found guilty of attempting to pervert the course of justice and are imprisoned.
Aaron is shocked when Robert is arrested for conspiracy to pervert the course of justice.
Andrew Goffman is an American actor, stand-up comic, and author/performer of the Off-Broadway one man show The Accidental Pervert.
From eye-witness reports about Presley, I would judge that he may possibly be a drug addict and a sexual pervert."
He uses mirror-based magics and is a pervert with a huge obsession for his little sister Mary.
On 15 May 2012, the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) charged six individuals with conspiring to pervert the course of justice.
After a few coincidences that make him look like a pervert, she also asks him for a battle for revenge.
He is a pervert, and seems to only show kindness to his sister.
He was Associate Professor at the Ohio University School of Art from 1957 until 2014.
In October 2009, the Associate in Public Administration degree offered through the University College of the Cayman Islands was formalized.
His tombstone reads:Associate and Member of the Institute of Civil Engineers.
In 1985-1992 he worked as an associate lawyer with Raveh, Abramson & Co.
Blade currently serves as an Associate Editor for the Agronomy Journal.
He was promoted to the rank of Associate Professor in 2008 and to the rank of Professor in 2010.
In 1961 he was promoted to associate professor.
As of February 2014, his son Dennis Arnold Murray, the former associate pastor, presides as senior pastor of the church.
Stinespring, who also was the team's associate head coach, was replaced in that capacity by Shane Beamer.
He was a close associate of Baba Amte, a renowned social activist.
From 2004, she was associate editor at The Burlington Magazine, rising to acting editor.
They choose the folk language and its associate musical form as an appropriate medium for effective transmission of their message.
It is designed to associate a brand with one or another aspirational lifestyle.
He became an associate of Deloitte & Touche in the 1980s.
Gambino associate Joseph Watts wanted Gotti to kill Bilotti's brother Joseph because he might seek revenge.
In 1977, Shane was appointed associate scientist of otolaryngology at Boston Children's Hospital.
Companies must be associate members of the CSIA to be eligible for certification.
During World War II, Loomis was the associate head of the MIT Radiation Laboratory supporting the national defense.
Robert T. Tally Jr. (born 1969) is an associate professor of English at Texas State University.
PetrSU faculty numbers about 890 (105 doctors of science, 502 candidates of science, 66 professors, and 329 associate professors).
He is a Distinguished Associate of the Psychometrics Centre at the University of Cambridge.
He was associate dean of the Marriott School of Management at Brigham Young University (BYU) from 1998 to 2005.
Two- and three-year associate degree programs are also offered.
In 1967, Styles became an associate professor of nursing at Duke University.
The governing body is the Tanzania Rugby Union, which is an associate member of the IRB.
The duke was followed by Florimond Robertet, Catherine's secretary and a Guise associate.
His brother Bill Miller was an associate producer on the film.
He is initially accompanied by his associate James Rhodes, his personal assistant Giulietta Nefaria and his biographer Vergil Munsey.
She was previously an associate professor at the Kennedy School, before which she was at Sandia National Laboratories.
Nebenzal's son Harold was associate producer of this version.
From 1994 to 1998, she was associate conductor of the Dallas Symphony Orchestra.
He is associate editor of the International Journal of Game Theory.
In 2010, he took a position as Associate Professor of Illustration at Emily Carr University of Art and Design.
He first served as associate pastor of St. Joseph Church in Santa Ana, until July 1984.
Currently, 54 associate degrees, as well as 48 certificate programs are available on-site.
Among Pennsylvania high school graduates pursuing an associate degree, only one in three graduate in three years.
In 1920, he turned down an offer from the Koenigsberg Observatory, and became an associate professor at Leipzig.
Harryette was an associate professor and lecturer at SMU, Texas Women's University and other colleges.
1UP.com Associate Editor Jose Otero called Forza Motorsport 4 "the most accessible racer around."
Being able to leave Romania he worked as Associate Professor of the Paris University.
She is also a research associate at The Field Museum in Chicago.
Regional cross-border organizations and tourism-related bodies may join as associate members.
In 2012, Tim Tadlock was hired as associate head coach for the Red Raiders under Dan Spencer.
In 2016, he was named associate editor of The New York Times Upfront magazine.
The doctrine of Tabarra itself does not dictate whom to dissociate from or whom to associate with.
He is an associate of the Quello Center at Michigan State University.
They became an associate member of the International Cricket Council in 1998, having previously been an affiliate member since 1987.
According to Boba and Bowlus, these sources clearly associate Moravia with Dalmatia and Bosnia.
The people of Agogo have a strong sense of identity and associate the festival with their native religion.
Associate schools provide opportunities for complementary and contrasting school-based training.
Lloyd became an associate of the Institute of Civil Engineers, and served on its council.
During his seven decades as an economist, Samuelson's professional positions included:Assistant Professor of Economics at M.I.T, 1940, Associate Professor, 1944.
Some females, such as wild Trinidadian guppies (Poecilia reticulate) associate themselves with protective males who come to their rescue.
John McAleer, Judson Sapp and Arriean Schemer are associate editors of this definitive publication history.
There he worked as an associate designer in Oscar de la Renta.
Roselle Huplander, an obese associate of Thelma and Iola who is never seen.
Jones was retained by Dodds and stayed at Texas, being promoted to Associate Athletic Director in 1982.
He was a Senior Lecturer in the Geology Department of the University of Leicester, and also Associate Dean of Science.
To this end, MARKA has established an active Region-wide communication network and is an associate member of EURADA.
He was associate of the Royal Academy of Sciences.
It also has 20 experts, 34 people PhD postgraduate, 58 full-time professors, 104 associate professor.
The university has associate courses such as Associate in Computer Technology and Associate in Hotel and Restaurant Management.
She started translating in 1988, when she co-founded Kist & Kilian with her associate Katy Kist.
Institut Mines-Télécom also includes eleven associate schools:Télécom Nancy in Nancy (ex ESIAL).
After holding a series of academic medicine positions, Zinsser became an associate professor at Stanford University in 1910.
In 1930 he was appointed as an associate to Justice Robert Douglas in Townsville.
Associate membership provided a discounted purchase price for the International Journal of Nautical Archaeology.
Hoffman currently is an Associate Professor of Theatre at Lehman College at The City University of New York.
Digambara Patra is an Associate Professor of Chemistry at the American University of Beirut.
He was reportedly a close associate of gangster Tommy Lucchese, who helped Impellitteri's rise in politics.
Finally he was revealed as a groundhog, which he had hidden because Hodge didn't associate with "pigs".
These associate membres are parties from EU candidate countries and EFTA countries.
In his view rationalism in religion became the deistic philosophy that some historians associate it with the high Enlightenment.
The opinion was authored by Associate Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court Noah Haynes Swayne.
He was promoted as Associate Professor and later as Head of the Department of Medicine in 1969.
William Mitchell Kendall, an associate in the firm, designed the Hemicycle.
Philip Lim is assigned to TA as an associate pastor on attachment, and Rev.
The appointment came after Mike Dunlap, the associate head coach brought in to replace Kevin O'Neill, turned down the job.
He served as an Associate Justice until his ascension to Chief Justice in 1972.
Kishen murders Mehaboob (Nadirshah), a close associate of Muhammed Ibrahim which upsets him greatly.
Patrick McNamara (born 1956) an American neuroscientist, is Associate Professor of Neurology at Boston University School of Medicine.
Marin is married to Hrisanta Trebis-Marin (Phd), musicologist and Associate Professor at the Franklin University Switzerland.
He became Secretary of Justice under the Marcos administration in 1967 before being appointed as associate justice in 1968.
His company became a manufacturer of proprietary products, usually farming out the assembly to associate companies.
They associate spirits with rice, soil, water, fire, stones, paths, and so forth.
The estate passed to Livingston's son, future Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court Henry Brockholst Livingston.
In 1913 he accepted an appointment as associate professor and successor of Felix Hausdorff in Bonn.
Until his retirement in July 2010, he was an associate judge on the Maryland Court of Special Appeals.
There were three classes of membership: active, associate, and patron.
They tend to only associate with other people from their own class, rarely interacting with people from an inferior class.
Dependent upon their specific nature interest rate swaps might command more capital usage and this can deviate with market movements.
She is not interested to have any relationships and does not want to deviate from her culture.
The watchful gaze of the wardens helps to ensure that the student does not deviate from their goals.
The final map of the 10th Congressional District did not deviate significantly from the Gorton/Ceis proposal (see next para.
However, church leaders say chances are slim it would deviate from its sanctions against active gay relationships.
Due to combustion, a TGA trace can deviate from the normal form of a well-behaved function.
Financial markets are characterized by predictability and inconsistent misalignments that force the prices to always deviate from their fundamental valuations.
Do not commit treachery or deviate from the right path.
These works may include documented information, but often deviate from the main course of archontology.
During this approach the autopilot momentarily disengaged causing it to deviate from the course.
Often, projections which deviate more from a normal distribution are considered to be more interesting.
These proteins deviate some cells in the leaf primordium from the default abaxial state, and make them adaxial.
In practice, these provinces rarely deviate from the federal tax base in order to maintain simplicity for taxpayers.
Owing to competition for water, the water delivery practices may deviate from the principles.
The more the parameter values differ from their optimal values, the more the contours deviate from elliptical shape.
Dawkins did not deviate from this tradition."
Earth's rotation, internal density variations, and external tidal forces cause its shape to deviate systematically from a perfect sphere.
With certain exceptions, such laws could deviate from the Weimar Constitution.
He did not deviate in equipment from that available for a standard Captain, as with his men.
However, beliefs of others can also cause experimental results to deviate from equilibrium, utility-maximizing decisions.
The eclipse times deviate from the time predicted in a way consistent with gravitational waves.
Thus when plowing parallel runs paralleling any contour the plow furrows soon deviate from a true contour.
The courses deviate in structure from standard courses in the United States, Canada, and Europe.
Individual satellites never deviate in their velocity (speed and direction).
The phenotypic standard deviate (σP(0)) is also needed.
Thus, old samples of ammonia solution will deviate from 18 M, as can be verified by titration.
Corporations listed on the Australian Stock Exchange cannot deviate from one share, one vote, ASX LR 6.8.
Balu gets deeply hurt by this and he resorts to cunning ways to deviate Mahalakshmi.
In questions of religion, the KPE rejects all questionable teachings which deviate from the common teachings of the Catholic Church.
Flight 77 began to deviate from its normal, assigned flight path and turned south.
When reactant concentrations differ from standard conditions, the cell potential will deviate from the standard potential.
The tri-Ace role-playing game Valkyrie Profile: Lenneth is based on Norse mythology, though it does deviate at some points.
The effect of a tiny constant thrust can accumulate to deviate an object sufficiently from its predicted course.
Today, economic pressures have forced the Aka to further deviate from their traditional customs.
It usually involves the repetition of moves in which neither side can make progress or safely deviate.
Also, it clarifies that the experimentally found best fitting probability distribution may deviate from the true distribution.
Therefore, in geoidal projections that preserve such properties, the mapped graticule would deviate from a mapped ellipsoid's graticule.
Many biochemical or cellular processes deviate significantly from these conditions, because of macromolecular crowding and constrained molecular movement.
Particularly striking is the composition of the figure's upper limbs, which deviate from the carefully articulated norms.
In August 2003, Dean Sine pleaded guilty to involuntary deviate sexual intercourse with a 14-year-old boy in 1994.
Where they deviate from normal people, however, is that they are not visible by looking straight at them.
As a result, prices can deviate from their full information values."
Although antiaircraft fire from this vessel had seriously damaged his left vertical stabilizer, he refused to deviate from the course.
The underlying implementation can deviate drastically from the presented target as is done with virtual tape library (VTL) products.
To deviate from a bloody approach, the Sultan had come up with this decision.
Students focus on the ministry program, but often the self-paced program allows students to deviate depending on their ability.
Although aftershocks are smaller in magnitude, they deviate from the original epicenter.
In the continuation they also deviate only on one word, "klagete" (lamented) in the alto, "hoffete" (hoped) in the tenor.
It is not a copy of any particular manuscript, and may deviate from the majority of existing manuscripts.
In practice, only a single deviate will be generated from a pair of uniformly distributed variables.
Deen also chooses to deviate from the chair entirely, by building a bench.
In general, spin-orbit coupling causes μeff to deviate from the spin-only formula.
These laws could (with certain exceptions) even deviate from the Constitution.
Pronunciation may also deviate from normal phonological rules.
I-15 continues to parallel the Virgin River, but begins to deviate more.
They are based on the principles and form of haiku but can deviate from its structure.
The Orange Sun's master had not informed the captain or crew about the ship's tendency to deviate from its course.
Residents have complained that pilots often deviate from the recommended departure from the airport, following the BNSF Railway tracks.
First, the distorted shape of the star makes its gravitational field deviate from the usual Newtonian inverse-square law.
In order to express the spiritual states she often had to deviate from the literary basis.
We can categorize adversaries according to how willing they are to deviate from the protocol.
The projectile had several small rockets in order to deviate the trajectory.
Molecules where the three ligands are not identical, such as H₂CO, deviate from this idealized geometry.
The extent can deviate to customs in a certain school of art, directives of the assigner, etc.
But the roles often deviate and consume time that would be devoted to the emotional expressions.
The three designs described below deviate from Hill's strict definition of a foldamer, which excludes helical foldamers.
Villages were highly collective; there were strong pressures to conform and no room to deviate from custom.
Quakers were severely persecuted in England for daring to deviate so far from Anglicanism.
In the real world, however, markets are not perfect, meaning that an emissions tax may deviate from this ideal.
However, in reality if reacting species attains enough energy it may deviate from the IRC to some extent.
The more topics there are in a sentence, the more likely to deviate from the usual form.
As such, it doesn't deviate too far from the path forged by its model in either style or formula.
Departures upward or downward from the guideline range are appropriate for cases that deviate from the heartland of cases.
Static performance:Differential nonlinearity (DNL) shows how much two adjacent code analog values deviate from the ideal 1 LSB step.
In physical cosmology, peculiar velocity refers to the components of a galaxy's velocity that deviate from the Hubble flow.
V. riparia has a wide range and may deviate considerably in detail from the above general description.
Keep it and you will not deviate.
Modern weddings often deviate from these traditions.
Members of TJ are allowed to follow their own fiqh as long as it does not deviate from Sunni Islam.
The orientation of all structures deviate from cardinal directions.
Unlike most other characters in the show, Bison's personality, appearance, and backstory do not deviate much from his in-game portrayals.
This especially occurs when states violate or deviate from the expected standards of conduct adhered to by all civilized nations.
Codeine have hit upon a formula so pure and righteous it would be tragic for them to deviate from it."
In this situation, output values produced by enterprises will typically deviate from output prices realised.
The director has taken the liberty to widely deviate from the original story.
Some variations of the games have the same music while others deviate.
For various reasons, however, many species deviate from anything like an even sex ratio, either periodically or permanently.
The Australian Monarchist League (AML) does not deviate from the official position.
There are more so-called reliability measures whose reliability interpretations become questionable as soon as they deviate from perfect agreement.
Information and Intrigue: From Index Cards to Dewey Cards to Alger Hiss.
Dava Sobel argues that during this time, Urban had fallen under the influence of court intrigue and problems of state.
The episode is a tale of intrigue involving the Texas Revolution.
Due to the large number of parliamentarians frequenting the restaurant, it was also the place for politic intrigue.
As well as battles at sea and sword fights, the series also deals with intrigue at Queen Elizabeth's court.
At the same time, Slaven showed dramatic intrigue and convincingly hot sex scenes in the contemporary thriller, Panama.
Adventure, Politics, Intrigue, and Power--A History of the Jesuits.
The Hartford Courant called it an "entertaining piece of high-velocity intrigue."
During these years Thugut was engaged in a mean intrigue.
These scenes therefore provide some comic relief and romantic intrigue.
Fuentes chooses to mislead his audience at the beginning of the film by fabricating a story that will intrigue audiences.
This is a tale of international intrigue and espionage.
The song was the theme from the film Foreign Intrigue (1956).
The intrigue does indeed involve Uncle Ralph in South Africa.
Two years later he retired from public life in disgrace as the result of court intrigue.
Hot guys, intrigue, and gossip all add up to more trouble than ever for Jenny.
Light or no armor, swashbuckling, and courtly intrigue are the rule of the day.
He wrote fifteen books, most of them fiction, and all of them dealing with politics, intrigue and social upheaval.
Robert Hume believed that "Fielding had begun to master the mechanics of intrigue comedy.
There were accusations of political intrigue of which Olinga was acquitted.
David is an idealistic young soldier who finds himself in the unfamiliar world of court intrigue.
In this scenario, the player characters become involved in intrigue among Lankhmar's nobles.
The soap opera Capitol allowed for stories about political intrigue alongside the traditional class struggle sagas.
She was the associate producer of Sheldon Reynolds television series Sherlock Holmes and of the 1951-1954 series, Foreign Intrigue.
Among his original parts were Tom in The Intrigue and Farmer Enfield in The Falls of Clyde.
All the while, Steranko spun outlandishly action-filled plots of intrigue, barely sublimated sensuality, and a cool-jazz hifi hipness.
Beck said that he was a victim of intrigue inside the SPD.
The Foundations drew much interest and intrigue due to the size and structure of the group.
Madrasta tells the story of two women whose lives are intertwined by shades of intrigue, personal ambitions and resentment.
My task is to deliver the Arab world from destruction through Israel's intrigue, which has its roots abroad.
He also discusses the intrigue around the defection of Chinese dancer Lin Jianwei during the competition that year.
An ally from the deepest forests comes to aid a city involved in the political intrigue of a mercenary society.
The result was political intrigue and controversy.
This poetic and initiatory account, with its rather obscure intrigue, bears the imprint of German Romanticism.
Novel about terrorism intrigue and also a story of love in Madrid downtown.
In 358, Murong Chui would lose his wife Princess Duan to political intrigue.
This intrigue was due in large part to his neighbor, who was highly knowledgeable about nature, specifically birding and gardening.
She is involved in a Catholic intrigue.
As they were not able to beat him militarily, the Maratha chief faced conspiracies, intrigue and treason.
The Magistrate stated that all actions had been based on blatant lies and instigated due to jealousy, vindictiveness and intrigue.
The plot of In Town, though thin, is a smart tale of backstage and society intrigue.
After the story enjoys creating real intrigue.
The poems are characterised by war, romance and intrigue.
Along with his vast estates, Gowrie inherited the family traditions of treason and intrigue.
The newspapers are robbed of all their old interest, and the very soul of intrigue is destroyed.
Evans' political intrigue provoked Swift during an inspection of the clergy of Meath at Trim.
USS Intrigue (AM-253) was an Admirable-class minesweeper built for the United States Navy during World War II.
Michael's romantic adventures are enacted against the background of an era of gaudy decadence, crafty intrigue, and exotic, colorful pageantry.
Detail is here in plenty, but Tudor England is more than royal wardrobe lists, palaces and sexual intrigue."
Depending on the type of mission, the gameplay can involve investigation, combat, intrigue, or a number of other genres.
Espionage and intrigue were often featured instead of straightforward battles.
When it comes to intrigue, these guys make it way outtrigue.
Unlike the first two Venus novels, Carson of Venus focuses on spy intrigue and war instead of wilderness adventuring.
In the novel, women's bodies are the battlefields for court intrigue involving marriage and medicine during the Renaissance.
Instead of a seemingly clear destiny, Moirin finds herself in an entanglement of court intrigue, scandal and passion.
It includes fascinating stories, including traditional local gossip, about murder, intrigue, ghosts, secret rooms, and secret passages.
Works included Médée, Adriana Lecouvreur, Marie Stuart, Deborah, Love and Intrigue, and Emilia Galotti.
She always beats Karigan in the game of Intrigue but only because Karigan never tries.
Wong's character was a dealer in Chinese art whose career involved her in detective work and international intrigue.
It was diametrically opposed to abstract art and far removed from the intrigue of surrealism.
Its budget was $6 million, the financing of which has remained a source of intrigue.
It's a nice enough story that features the usual mix of intrigue, pain and hangovers".
Schleicher, a retired army officer, had developed in an atmosphere of semi-obscurity and intrigue that encompassed the Republican military policy.
Carnelian's own lineage puts him at the center of court intrigue, and in mortal danger.
Dirceu, a virtuoso of cold political calculation and intrigue, he had never liked and somewhat feared.
Given the political intrigue present at court, Cabral may have been part of a faction that furthered his appointment.
The novel has much intrigue and is typical of Matt Helm style action.
As a result of this intrigue, Murgescu became sole editor of the ICE academic journal, Revista Economica, in 1958.
His books were primarily adventure novels, in the vein of John Buchan or E. Philips Oppenheim, often involving international intrigue.
It was preceded by Clans of Intrigue (1977) and followed by Perils of the Sentimental Swordsman (1982).
It shows a fantastic, ahistorical version of colonial Los Angeles full of romance, royal intrigue, and witchcraft, even polygamy.
He showed himself incapable, however, giving himself up to pleasure and fetes, and returned to France to intrigue against Mazarin.
The author of She Ventures and He Wins amasses almost as much intrigue as the play itself.
Amidst towering intrigue, Sylou-Creutz was let go from the Broadcasting Corporation on 28 October 1942.
While the creatures intrigue Nancy, Charlie continually acts with fear and resistance.
The soldiers simply want to live their lives, but they are doomed by their contact with foreign intrigue.
Escoiquiz was the brains, as far as there were any brains, of the intrigue.
The film was a variation on Lady Chatterley's Lover, with some added political intrigue.
Through intrigue and sometimes criticism of his expensive projects, he was later forced to resign.
During his investigation, he enters a world of intrigue and obfuscation that leave an endless trail of blood.
Intent on finding his brother's killer, Sorenson infiltrates the powerful inner world of politics, business intrigue, and casual sex.
He will do whatever can be done by bribery and intrigue; he has no other resource.
Galileo's intrigue for tidal theory was motivated by a boat trip in 1595.
Since 2008 "Intrigue in Tangiers" have released 6 studio albums and a "best of".
Friendly relations between Tenochtitlan and Azcapotzalco were thus replaced by insults and violent intrigue.
Information and Intrigue: From Index Cards to Dewey Decimals to Alger Hiss.
Enough of his pictorial record remained, however, to intrigue the learned savants."
The arms race created an acute atmosphere of intrigue in French counter-espionage from 1890.
However, she is let known through palace intrigue that her grandfather, the King, had got her father killed.
Children's Literature wrote that the book "is filled with intrigue and adventure".
One of the hallmarks of problematic benzodiazepine drug misuse is escalation of dose.
The officer says he wanted them to learn a lesson about the misuse of prop guns.
This was again criticized in both the press and parliament for the alleged misuse of funds supposedly earmarked for healthcare.
An issue in the election were allegations that there had been misuse of the procedure for allocating council housing.
And it asks us to look past the potential for misuse and abuse with criminal intent.
They usually abandon the house if their gifts are called payments, or if the owners of the house misuse them.
Sukanya Verma of Rediff.com appreciated the film for bringing "attention to the misuse and commercialisation of religion".
They misuse their employment by secretly selling the company petrol in the black market.
However, after Highfather's misuse of the Life Equation, they are fully resurrected.
He has opposed the misuse of funds for urban revitalization to instead destroy viable buildings.
Cannabis had been a class B substance under the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971.
There is widespread misuse of the programme by hospitals.
Islam has instructed its followers to maintain decency in speech, and misuse of tongue has been admonished.
The substance could also be considered illegal in the UK under the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971.
In 2010, the Federal Circuit ruled, however, that similar conduct is not misuse.
In 2013 he was dismissed by the university on grounds of refusal to teach and misuse of university resources.
Proponents of the patent misuse defense suggest it could be a defense against litigation brought by patent trolls.
It is suggested to use a repository of reusable misuse cases as a support in this 5-step process.
He was sentenced to 31 years 10 months 15 days imprisonment for misuse of weapons restricted to the Army.
Short-sighted misuse of that power can ruin everything.
The Department of Health substance misuse guidelines recommend monitoring for mood disorder in those dependent on or withdrawing from benzodiazepines.
Joseph Daul was under investigation for misuse of public funds in France.
In 2015 however, case reports of extremely high-dose loperamide resulting in opioid misuse were published.
Scandals ranging from illegal land sale/grabbing to funds misuse.
The season focuses on Chad's misuse of Jeremy and Maggie's attempts to ally with Jeremy.
Due to the nature of quad charts as relatively short documents, there are opportunities for misuse.
When the 2016 season of the anime season started, Gintoki parodied a Japanese politician crying for misuse of fundings.
He strongly opposed direct democracy, however, particularly the use (or misuse) of referendums, as leading to totalitarianism.
NASPER is designed to protect patients and physicians from the harmful effects of controlled substances through their misuse and abuse.
The misuse of arms is a criminal offence in Scotland, and treated as tax evasion.
It retained the powers given to SEBI in the ordinance, but also introduced safeguards against misuse.
Unfortunately many old examples have been damaged by such misuse.
But the Supreme Court's 2015 decision in Kimble v. Marvel may undermine the Federal Circuit's misuse jurisprudence.
Van Til argues that the problem is not evolution, but its misuse for "naturalistic apologetics".
To avoid misuse of official position or information.
There was widespread criticism of the misuse of Emergency powers.
Pesticide misuse can also endanger wildlife and other environmental resources.
Matsui supports firearms manufacturers being held responsible for product misuse cases and lawsuits.
Etizolam is controlled in Denmark under the Danish Misuse of Drugs Act.
Misuse may diminish their protective value and undermine the effectiveness of humanitarian workers.
Sri Lankan elections have a history of violence, misuse of state resources, and other violations of election laws.
As a governor he tried his best to fight corruption and misuse of public funds.
The European Commission accused E.ON of the misuse of markets in February 2008.
Following the resignation of President Richard Nixon, there were several investigations of suspected misuse of FBI, CIA and NSA facilities.
Alcohol misuse costs the United Kingdom's National Health Service £3 billion per year.
And that is not patent misuse under any court's definition of the term."
He did however, receive a four-day ban from the racecourse stewards for the misuse of his whip.
One night the real Chad arrives after learning about Sid's misuse of the device.
In 2016, Dirks was placed under investigation for misuse of public funds.
The Court also rejected the possibility of preemption due to Sherman Act violations stemming from misuse of the statute.
Legislative Council Chairman Jasper Tsang Yok-sing disagreed that the police were excessively violent, saying they would not misuse pepper spray.
Import ban on psychoactive drug, UK Home Office"The Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 (Amendment) Order 2012" (PDF).
These are expensive and susceptible to failure, improper configuration and misuse.
Having ADHD makes it more likely that an individual will initiate substance misuse at a younger age than their peers.
Efforts to prevent suicide include limiting access to firearms, treating mental illness and drug misuse, and improving economic circumstances.
Firefighter Glen Jeffs indicated that the warrants referenced "misuse of funds."
It is controlled in the UK by the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971.
Nawaz and Shahbaz Sharif were accused of misuse of authority and of wealth accumulation beyond their means.
Abuse of notation should be contrasted with misuse of notation, which should be avoided.
In theory, misuse detection assumes that abnormal behaviour has a simple-to-define model.
While generally stimulant medications do not seem to worsen substance misuse, they are known to be abused in some cases.
Last year, he continued to detail the F.B.I.'s widespread misuse since 2001 of 'exigent letters'.
Dakta Green is involved in several ongoing court cases for cannabis offences under the Misuse of Drugs Act 1975.
Misuse of an administrator's privileges can also be easily appealed.
The long-standing misuse of the terms, and its inclusion in scholarly articles has compounded the confusion.
This rule is known as the "purging" doctrine in patent misuse law.
There are allegations that he would distort and misuse data given to him.
As these are trust-based networks, unintentional or malicious misuse of tags in this context can lead to imprecise search results.
Penalties for misuse of emergency door-opening handles are similar to those for stop-valve misuse.
Its most likely use is for the cybercriminals to lease out portions of the network for misuse.
Many violent acts have been committed against some of God's beloved children through the misuse of scripture.
Her social pretensions are rendered all the more comical by her frequent misunderstandings, misuse of common idioms and atrocious spelling.
Following the 2013 Singapore cyberattacks, the Computer Misuse Act was renamed to Computer Misuse and Cybersecurity Act.
I'm a religious person and I will fight those who misuse His name.
Children who are often forgotten, such as young carers, traveller children or children whose parents misuse alcohol or other drugs.
The manager had been arrested at the prison days earlier by detectives investigating the alleged misuse of a personal computer.
He also denied authorizing any misuse of customer funds.
Many researchers would consider these procedures on their data sets to be misuse of their data collection and purposes.
These figures do not include the crime and social problems associated with alcohol misuse.
Its misuse continued after the breakup of Yugoslavia when it served as a night club and gaming house.
Penalties for misuse of this facility include a fine of Rs.
To prevent misuse of their names in this way, some legitimate academic institutions have registered .ac domains.
This is not necessarily contradictory, as they include incompetent operation under equipment failure and specify overlap between malfunction and misuse.
In 2006/2007, a group of Austrian researchers observed a tendency to misuse the Google engine as a "reality interface".
The Act removed the statutory requirement for the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs to include scientists.
Due to misuse of the weapon, Roxalana forced fourteen-year-old nephew Frank Gates to further fire at her husband.
This has led to complaints (for the last 50 years) that statistical significance testing is a misuse of statistics.
This practice has now led to a new and growing problem with addiction and misuse of opioids.
By the end of the Siege of Boston, General Washington had given Learned command of the important Dorchester Heights position.
But the quaintness of the name grew on us so that we've learned to love it."
According to Michael, the youngest of four brothers, he learned about it from Constantine in the summer of 1821.
In September he learned he had passed the entrance exam for Clare College, Cambridge.
People, not only Episcopalians, learned to respect Kerfoot.
There he studied English and continued to work on the techniques he learned in Bogota.
He learned Rachmaninoff's "Vocalise" and it has become one of his favourite pieces.
Many important hockey players played in Landshut or learned playing hockey there.
Nene learned she could not change Gabby.
Sullivan was en route to a meeting with d'Estaing when the latter learned that Admiral Howe's fleet had arrived.
The battle is one of the most famous battles in Burmese military history, and learned by school children.
The Yadava capital Devagiri became a magnet for learned scholars in Marathi to showcase and find patronage for their skills.
Under these pressures, the victim can fall into the hopeless mental state of learned helplessness.
Vipassana-meditation can be learned in initial 10-day retreats, after which individuals can continue to practice the meditation technique autonomously.
From these, he learned about where others were hiding.
Kurnaz learned two others were removed from their cages dead in a similar state.
He first learned to sing traditional Mexican ballads his mother taught him as a young kid.
We learned that our minds and bodies never stopped adjusting to the situation.
Esther Weeks taught the painters at Ceres techniques she learned from Joseph Nekola at Bovey.
He's learned a lot about politics by being a neighbor of Senator Calder and George Hamlin Childs.
For example, the English sentence "Call the boy who learned the lesson" is said in Tamil like "That-lesson-learned-boy call".
She learned everything she could've wanted, especially under the tutelage of James Gordon, Jr. while she was in Arkham.
Herrmann, who first learned bookselling, turned to tourism and worked in the Canary Islands for ten years.
At the same time she learned the classic craftsmanship in making garlands, wreaths, festive arrangements, bouquets and bridal bouquets.
After finishing the climb, teams had to sing the cheer they learned before to get their next clue.
Feather work was so highly prized that even sons of nobility learned something of it during their education.
He migrated early to Athens, and attended the lectures of the Stoics, and learned their logic from Diogenes.
In early 2016, John finally learned the truth behind his murky past.
Lessons learned from it can help with design of any Mars sample return receiving facility.
In August 2006 the school learned that it again was getting an unacceptable rating from the Texas Education Agency (TEA).
Jones joined the guild and learned wood and copper engraving as well as experimenting with wood carving.
He learned law by studying at home, taking courses through Sprague's Correspondence Law School of Detroit, Michigan.
At the age of 12, Harle learned bass guitar after discovering bands like Slipknot and Madness.
He learned by copying the The Wedding at Cana at the Louvre.
He learned aeronautical engineering at Short Brothers.
At 16, under artist H. J. Glintenkamp, Rico learned to make wood engravings.
Del Carril eventually learned of his affair with Matilde Urrutia and he sent her back to Chile in 1955.
In his adolescent years, Moshe learned at the yeshiva of Rabbi Avraham Greenberg in Kezmarok, Hungary.
Besides his other work, he was a learned contributor to the Quarterly Review.
The girls learned the song "Delta Nu Nu Nu".
Graef grew up in Verona, New Jersey and learned the backstroke while competing with the Montclair YMCA swim team.
Despite the resolutions and actions, city officials learned that the mob planned to resume attacks on Saturday after nightfall.
Fuller learned mellophone as a child before settling on trumpet.
The Japanese had over time learned basic American strategy, which was to lay heavy bombardment before an infantry attack.
When she learned the army was headed towards Harrisburg and a confrontation with the Mexican army, she reclaimed her oxen.
Hua-Ching Ni's translation takes the form of a narrative question-and-answer dialogue between a disciple Prince and his learned Master.
When Robert Macauley learned about the situation he decided to respond on his own.
While at school he learned fundamental harmony, jazz playing standards, and improved on playing classical guitar.
He learned botany from Johann Friedrich Ruthe.
It was later learned that this process was harmful as the silicon coating sealed the moisture inside the rock.
Rick Jordan learned to play the piano at age five, and in adulthood completed his studies as a sound mixer.
Stevie Wonder learned to play the harmonica at age 5 and plays the instrument on many of his recordings.
On February 18, 1878, Tunstall learned of the posse's presence on his land, and rode out to intervene.
Additionally, there is much to be learned about the context surrounding LMX, such as organizational culture.
King Charles arrived in Gaeta on 6 June and learned of the disaster.
Over two decades later, nutritionists learned that the outer rice bran contains vitamin B1, also known as thiamine.
The king avails the advice of the learned scholars and accordingly maintains law and order in his empire.
He learned Chinese & Japanese techniques beside traditional Indian & European styles.
She learned an Australian accent for the role.
This position is sometimes illustrated with the remark that "The only intuitive interface is the nipple; everything else is learned."
Herb Gelernter didn't attend, but was influenced later by what Rochester learned.
Syed Waheed Ashraf learned Islamic theology from his brother, Syed Hameed Ashraf.
It was created after lessons learned in Afghanistan and Iraq.
It is a Learned society member of the UK Academy of Social Sciences.
Additional skills specific to case management are learned in the role.
Cooking through enlightenment she learned to express her feelings, and cope with her mother.
They learned to sing, dance and model for a few minutes after each episode.
G-Dragon stated that performing with Elliott "was such an honor," and that he "learned a lot."
The Association of Law Teachers, is a learned society in the United Kingdom dedicated to advancing legal education.
He called himself a Kavindra, king of poets, and boasted that he was learned in fifteen different languages.
He learned to play the accordion and piano as a child.
He was, indeed, one of the most learned monarchs of the time.
Working 12-hour days, she quickly learned more about the bond market, currency fluctuations and movements of the price of gold.
Ball later said about that time in her life, "All I learned in drama school was how to be frightened."
Also, the assembly witnessing the debate is classified as learned and ignorant.
Late Neoplatonic sources state that Pythagoras learned mathematics from the Babylonians.
He also learned music at the Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Dha Ni Sa Academy in Mumbai.
They've come through it all and learned the most.
It was only after he moved to San Diego that he learned that his older brother was still alive.
He has also learned Western Classical Music.
She learned to dance at her father's dance studio in Orlando, Florida, in the 1920s.
Production budgets at SBS were always low and she learned to make do with what they had.
Carey only learned of Hilgenberg's work in 1956.
During this time, he not only learned Uzbek and Russian, but also studied Old Turkic.
From Romare Bearden I learned that the fullness and richness of everyday life can be rendered without compromise or sentimentality.
Ancient people learned about magnetism from lodestones, which are naturally magnetized pieces of iron ore.
This approach enables the team to leverage lessons learned, and therefore to continuously improve the process.
Guderian also noted in his memoirs that "the Russians already learned a few things."
Carpenter also authored other works, such as "Homiliae eruditae" ("Learned Sermons").
She learned how to break down a script, to become another character, and to study the relationship of different characters.
Shoes sizes increment by one-third of an inch.
The propelling charge is made up of increments, each increment consisting of a lacquered silk envelope containing a ballistite-type propellant.
If a player expends more than the specified increment, then the entire increment is added to the player's clock.
They undocked from the station on 20 August 2001, marking the end of the Expedition 2 increment.
During his term, in 2006, the city's Tax Increment Reinvestment Zone for downtown Amarillo was created.
Avenues increment alphabetically as travel proceeds west.
In Europe, annual mowing makes the annual biomass increment of wetlands evident.
In 1999 the Houston city council created the Tax Increment Reinvestment Zone 19, which covers 15 acres (61,000 m²).
Reduced viscosity is equal to the ratio of the relative viscosity increment (eta_i) to the mass concentration of the polymer.
OICW Increment 2 was a stand-alone airburst weapon the (XM25).
By default the seed and increment are both 1.
This switched the minimum increment from a sixteenth to a one hundredth of a dollar.
By 1974, we have a 25.5% increment.
Set the stencil operation to increment on depth pass (only count shadows in front of the object).
The current time controls for the rapid championship are set at 15 minutes per player, with a 10-second increment.
Tax Increment Financing and Economic Development, Uses, Structures and Impact.
It then compares its ticket value, before the increment, with the dequeue ticket's value.
Increment in bottom eccentric mass boosts the material turn over on the screen surface, maximizing the quantity of under-size-material penetration.
The software got an increment with the release of Mavericks, and as of June 2015, the current version is v10.4.
He supported implementing tax increment financing paid for by the developers that would improve the county's infrastructure.
Increment the program counter so it points to the next instruction.
If the score was still tied, two rapid games (10 minutes plus 10 second increment) were played.
At each 50-meter increment, the artist records a single frame for one minute.
When recipients fail to demonstrate an adequate post-transfusion increment, this is termed platelet transfusion refractoriness.
But unlike Fischer, not always the maximum increment is added.
The OASuW Increment 2 competition will be completely open and start by FY 2017.
The right most disk moves one increment with each event.
There is also a Modify-Increment extension which allows an incrementable attribute value to be incremented by a specified amount.
Additionally WIN-T Increment 3 introduces embedded Joint Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Intelligence, Surveillance (JC4ISR) radios into the platforms.
When accessed via memory indirect addressing, these locations would automatically increment after use.
Increment 1 will provide DII(F) to around 70,000 desktops and 200,000 user accounts.
Originally, the Mechanism aims to limit the soaring MTR fare increment by a transparent formulaic approach.
Mill's advocacy of taxing the "unearned increment" won the support of Robert Applegarth, an IWMA delegate.
Tactical Communication Nodes in Increment 2 are the first step to providing a mobile infrastructure on the battlefield.
On December 12, 1990, Houston's Tax Increment Reinvestment Zone No.
The tabulator used electromechanical relays to increment mechanical counters.
The interstices between them crossed by elevated striae or lines of increment.
If it comes up "Heads" each time, then increment the counter.
The introduction of the increment to super was only possible following the addition of the muzzle-brake in the previous year.
In 2003, he led the push to create Tax Increment Finance districts in Cincinnati.
To his elation, his speaking role début fetched a ten rupee increment as his salary rose to Rs.45 a month.
The switch locomotives needed to be inspected for repair and service and refueled at this increment.
TIF in the state of Maine refers to a program different from tax increment financing in most states.
Daily growth increment formation in otoliths of Pacific tarpon Megalops cyprinoides during metamorphosis.
Convert to a negative number, then increment toward zero.
The dates will progress by an increment of one day every 70.5 years.
Monument sought $57.3 million in tax-increment financing but never received approval from the city for the funds.
Advanced Training is followed by Increment-Specific Training, which, along with any Kibo training, will be carried out at Tsukuba.
Based on his statistical analysis, he concluded that the rate constant is proportional to the "critical increment".
Subsequently, the requirements for the Small Diameter Bomb (SDB) Increment 2 were modified to incorporate the capability.
The LDC curve shows the capacity utilization requirements for each increment of load.
Increment 3 in 2020 shall enable "net-enabled anti-surface warfare".
This requires our increment function be sufficiently well-behaved.
On the other hand, if D deems ADRLD satisfactory then H will increment R to 6.
There was a 30 seconds increment for every move from the start.
Coral Ridge Mall was built in a tax increment financing district.
Saros series increment by one on successive Inex events and repeat at alternate ascending and descending lunar nodes.
Studies on the seasonal incidence of defoliators and the effect of defoliation on volume increment of teak.
Growth increment slows earlier in maturation in females than in males.
Each Celsius grade of body temperature increment corresponds to an 8 beats per minute increase in cardiac frequency.
Tax increment financing (TIF) is a way of subsidizing current development based on the expectation of future tax gains.
The loop consists of three parts: declaration, condition and increment.
The outside is deep green except on the side of increment which is white.
The first increment departed shortly after midnight onboard C-130s for San Isidro Air Base.
Increment I has a unitary penetrating warhead for use against stationary targets.
The Linearization point of an increment operation is when that operation writes the new value in its Register Ri.
If theses two games were drawn, the opponents played two blitz-games (5 minutes plus 3 second increment).
City officials gave a presentation at the meeting, voicing their intent to create a tax increment refinancing zone (TIRZ).
The typical Deal$ store had a slightly smaller footprint than Save-A-Lot and carried mostly non-food merchandise at dollar-increment price points.
The wrinkles of increment are more or less prominent.
Time controls used since CCT7 have been 50 minutes with a 3 second increment.
The Soyuz remained on board the space station for the Expedition 33 increment to serve as an emergency escape vehicle.
The differential, or infinitesimal increment, for the internal energy in an infinitesimal process is an exact differential dU.
Periodic annual increment is commonly used instead of current annual increment as a basis for computing growth per cent.
Each call to increment_counter will increase the value of $counter by one, and return the new value.
The shopping center also serves as a successful and preplanned Tax increment finance project.
The City of Houston planned a Tax Increment Reinvestment Zone (TIRZ), placing the Rice within its boundaries.
This sample was then loaded through a piston incrementally, allowing equilibrium to be reached after each increment.
In this case, is not measured in years, but rather the time increment between broods.
Contract award for AS Increment 1a is expected in 2011.
If is in then double both and ; if then increment, if then increment.
In 1982 a 324-acre (131 ha) tax-increment-financing district opened along Lake-Cook Road, spurring business development.
The minimum possible increment of horizontal movement is 1/120.
Springfield used $571,500 obtained through the Central Area Tax Increment Financing (TIF) district that covers much of the downtown.
Also, a small increment of time may be added for each move made.
Tie-break games were played at a time control of twenty minutes plus ten second increment.
However, in practice buyers increase the displayed price much more than the minimal allowed increment.
Increment 2 extends the network down to Company level.
The state transition function is an increment by one.
The first human trials with this compound began in 2012.
When the two R groups are not identical, the compound is said to be an asymmetric or mixed disulfide.
Its shape is that of a hexagram, the compound of two equilateral triangles.
Tungsten hexachloride is the chemical compound of tungsten and chlorine with the formula WCl₆.
The compound adopts a pseudotetrahedral structure with two cyclopentadienyl and two chloride substituents attached to the metal.
It is an aromatic compound that has two benzene rings fused to a central furan ring.
Calcium guanylate is a compound with formula Ca(C₁₀H₁₂O₄N₅PO₄).
This red-colored compound is commonly abbreviated (bda)Fe(CO)₃.
One is wet glaze utilizing a Building Compound adhesive more commonly known as Dow Corning 995.
Tris(pentafluorophenyl)borane, sometimes referred to as "BCF", is the chemical compound (C₆F₅)₃B.
Disodium phosphate (DSP), or sodium hydrogen phosphate, is the inorganic compound with the formula Na₂HPO₄.
Etiracetam is a chemical compound belonging to the racetam family, which was developed as a nootropic drug.
To compound the problem, Pinya was hit with a dynastic feud from the start.
Buddhist temple compound located few kilometers east from Sewu temple, probably 9th century.
Like ǀXam, ǂUngkue used 'inclusory' pronouns for compound subjects:'The lion and jackal and ostrich, they went'.
The older compound to the east, found filled with debris, was partially excavated to reveal two courtyard structures.
Carbazole is an aromatic heterocyclic organic compound.
Ytterbium(III) chloride (YbCl₃) is an inorganic chemical compound.
The charges included involvement in the Riyadh compound bombings.
Compound Tincture of Benzoin (CTB) is often applied to skin before applying tape or other adhesive bandages.
Also, a speaker must avoid using very many "strange words, compound words, and invented words."
For the Amity Compound, a set was constructed at Serenbe Community south of Atlanta.
It was propelled by two vertical compound steam engines, and had a single mast and funnel.
Dichlorine heptoxide is the chemical compound with the formula Cl₂O₇.
2,4-Xylidine is an organic compound with formula (CH₃)₂C₆H₃NH₂.
Nowadays it's largely replaced by Compound forms "tinha amado" or "havia amado" (had loved).
The combined attack (also known as the compound attack) can be quite effective, despite its vulnerability to counter-attack.
Spectinabilin is a biologically active compound, exhibiting both antimalarial and antiviral activity.
The Rezeigat attacked and reportedly destroyed a Maaliya compound.
Grupa Azoty is currently the second largest producer of mineral fertilizers and third of compound fertilizers in European Union.
The most common bivalent organoxenon compound is C₆F₅XeF, which is always used as a precursor to other organoxenon compounds.
The margins of the compound eyes are rounded and lacking occipital angles.
These compound the weaknesses of ordinary joints.
Isolation and identification of an anti-hepatitis B virus compound from Hydrocotyle sibthorpioides Lam.
The same compound sans the quaternary methyl group and the methoxy ether is called tipepidine.
Auxiliary verbs are combined with past participles of main verbs to produce compound tenses, including the compound past (passé composé).
In the end, the two had isolated and purified 200 mg of the precursor compound.
The head has a pair of long, slender antennae, two large compound eyes and two protuberant ocelli.
Adults have a narrow oval head, with small round compound eyes, and ocelli which are separated from the compound eyes.
The narrow leaves are lobed or compound, the lower on long petioles.
In 2006, Arcilla starred in the film Compound.
Thiophene, also commonly called thiofuran, is a heterocyclic compound with the formula C₄H₄S.
Christie Colin (maiden name Bisco) (born June 14, 1982) is an American compound archer.
The original area, now referred to as the "Compound" that contained smaller cages with cement flooring has been emptied.
Nothomyrmecia workers feed on nectar and arthropods, using their compound eyes for prey and navigational purposes.
The helicopter touched down in the centre of the compound outside D-Wing, where political prisoners had been exercising.
Ethyl pentanoate, also commonly known as ethyl valerate, is an organic compound used in flavors.
Product quality is often mathematically modelled around a parameter (concentration of a chemical compound, a microbiological index, or moisture content).
On top was a compound or altar where priests probably performed rituals.
Though misidentified as a lead compound with selenium and iron components, the mineral was crocoite with a formula of PbCrO₄.
The fading and cracking of older types of plastic siding compound this issue.
The college is at Jaleel Compound Payan Darga Road Area of Gulbarga, Karnataka.
This latter compound shows antifungal activity towards Mycocentrospora acerina and Cladosporium cladosporioides.
Another example could be the compound PbS₂.
The compound is slowly decomposed by light.
Upon her release from the compound, Phillips was reunited with her son Clifford, and became a grandmother in 1946.
It adopts an unusual structure, being a mixed-valence compound.
Number 1619 was built as a Worsdell-von Borries compound with two inside cylinders.
The trans compound is favored due to antiperiplanar effects of the final aldol condensation in kinetically controlled reactions.
Although the method can produce diols, overoxidation to the dicarbonyl compound has led to difficulties isolating the vicinal diol.
An organic compound is any member of a large class of gaseous, liquid, or solid chemicals whose molecules contain carbon.
This eliminated the connections between sides characteristic of cross-compound engines, where the low- and high-pressure cylinders were on opposite sides.
From outside the compound, the shrews begin to chew through the compound walls on the main floor.
The temple compound measured 40 x 60 square meters, enclosed within 2 meters high red brick wall.
Since it is a recently discovered compound, there are still animal experiments taking place to prove its efficiency.
Dimethylcadmium is the organocadmium compound with the formula Cd(CH₃)₂.
This compound exhibits ability to lower levels of Aromatase.
An actinocene is a type of metallocene compound that contains an element from the actinide series.
For the function of a β-blocker it's essential for the compound to contain an aromatic ring and a β-ethanolamine.
The synthesis reported by Bodwell/Li(racemic, 2002) was a formal synthesis as it produced a compound already prepared by Rawal (no.
Camp 93 consisted of a Guards' compound and a Prisoners' compound with garden plots and a recreation area.
In these languages (e.g. Modern Hebrew and Moroccan Arabic), the construct state is used mostly in forming compound nouns.
Although he discovered the compound in 1863, it took him two years to publish results in a peer reviewed journal.
The head of Mickoleitia was provided with large compound eyes and functional mouthparts (preserved are 3-segmented labial palps).
The compound walls of that encroachment runs inside the lake from one end to almost to other end.
Despite being a compound of herbs, minerals, and vitamins, Enzyte formerly promoted itself under a fake scientific name Suffragium asotas.
Potassium malate is a compound with formula K₂(C₂H₄O(COO)₂).
By comparing material from the trees, they isolated both chaulmoogric acid and a closely related compound, 'hydnocarpus acid'.
In 1875 after returning to Harvard Jackson synthesized the first new organic compound made in a Harvard laboratory, p-bromobenzyl bromide.
Sometimes the name ammonium triiodide is mistakenly used to refer to a different compound, nitrogen triiodide (NI₃).
Divided and compound leaves reduce wind resistance and promote cooling.
Stipules are compound, with up to 20 pairs of leaflet-like lobes, each up to 9 mm long.
Twin propellers were powered by two lightweight compound steam engines each delivering 180 horsepower (130 kW).
Mike Schloesser (born 15 January, 1994 in Heerlen, Netherlands) is a compound archer from Netherlands.
The first part of these expressions has the meaning 'word' (perhaps slightly reduced as appropriate for part of a compound).
An isolate of G. citricarpa was found to produce the medically important compound, taxol under certain growth conditions.
Like other members of the genus, the inflorescence of Thapsia villosa is a compound subhemispherical to globose umbel.
After the numerals dwa, trzy, cztery (2, 3, 4), and compound numbers ending with them (22, 23, 24, etc.
English translations of yojijukugo include "four-character compound", "four-character idiom", "four-character idiomatic phrase", and "four-character idiomatic compound".
Monopotassium glutamate (MPG) is a compound with formula KC₅H₈NO₄.
There are various ways to combine letters to make different sounds; different court reporters use different theories in their work.
At elevated temperatures, the vapors of the metal combine rapidly with oxygen, forming the yellow trioxide, Bi2O3.
These also are likely to combine to make fifteens, and can score similarly to the 7s and aces.
The book boards are a trend in children's book publishing to combine merchandise and books.
SAM-I/IV variant riboswitches combine features of SAM-I and SAM-IV riboswitches.
Can I combine a Creative Commons licensed work with another non-CC licensed work?"
These reforms would combine the set pension for elderly and disabled with the pay-as-you-go system, simplifying the overall fund.
These courses combine peace and nonviolence culture from Gandhi, Thich Nhat Hanh, Donald Hessler, Nelson Mandela, and the Zapatistas.
In later series' tournaments he would combine fire with a personal style of kenpo.
In total, there are 35 abilities to combine and stand-alone.
Polymers composed of long molecular chains have unique viscoelastic properties, which combine the characteristics of elastic solids and Newtonian fluids.
The creatures combine into several man-sized crab-like creatures and begin wreaking havoc.
Compound therapies combine antibodies to suppress multiple defensive layers.
Compound objects combine distributed resources, including multiple media types.
He also argues that our imagination and sentiments combine to create an impression of something/someone.
AIDS lends itself to metaphorizing, and its descriptions combine two of the most potent metaphors associated with disease.
He made a deal with the Great Cortado to combine the two circuses for the summer and then part ways.
From about age three, the child begins to combine circles and lines to make simple figures.
Originally a poet, her books often combine text and images.
Riverboat Dinner Cruises combine Showboat with a meal.
Fusion reactions combine lighter atoms, such as hydrogen, together to form larger ones.
As a hesder yeshiva, the students of Shilo combine intensive studies with service in the IDF.
The club was formed to allow the players to combine professional football with higher education.
He could combine dislike to grabbers and dodgers with trust and friendliness to people.
As the vapors arrive at the surface, they chemically combine under proper thermodynamic conditions to form a metal carbide film.
The two groups were halted independently by the troops of the German Confederation before they could combine forces.
Their faces combine the features of both parrots and eagles.
Harrison's idea for the next installment was to combine Frank Herbert's subsequent novels, Dune Messiah and Children of Dune.
These can combine to form hundreds of secondary mutations and colour varieties which may or may not be stable.
To form a substance, they must combine.
His stock in the 2012 NFL Draft was greatly improved by his combine performance.
He continues to work on projects that combine his experience with football and humanitarian aid organizations/NGO's..
In Spain, patrons of tapas can order many different tapas and combine them to make a full meal.
Nova Prospekt was originally intended to be a small Combine rail depot built on an old prison in the wasteland.
Mitchell wasn't invited to the NFL Combine, but performed well at Ohio's Pro Day.
In 1883 he read about combine harvesters in California.
In Software configuration management (SCM), Merge is used to combine files based on a line by line comparison method.
One has to combine visa overstays and cross-border illegal entries from separate reports.
Metaphors allow people to combine concepts from one area and apply them to another, often without thought.
The festival intends to combine Far East Musicians with European Music traditions.
Touches of jazz, folk and even mild funk combine to produce a fine landscape."
Diesel rotary uninterruptible power supply devices (DRUPS) combine the functionality of a battery-powered or flywheel-powered UPS and a diesel generator.
EqualLogic options combine both in the same chassis and automatically migrate the most frequently accessed data to the SSDs.
The massive victory of the DMK-TMC-CPI combine in the assembly elections spilled over to the parliamentary elections.
Cult Shaker was one of the first products to combine energy drinks with alcohol in a pre-mixed format.
The oxide and the aluminium combine via an aluminothermic reaction to give molybdenum in situ.
Suffren and Gaulois had to combine their fire with that of Inflexible before Vengeance could successfully withdraw.
Barwin is 125 amino acids in length, and contains six cysteine residues that combine to form three disulphide bridges.
Modern organizations lack middle managers to combine, sort, and prioritize the data.
The German Heereswaffenamt decided to combine light anti-aircraft guns with tank chassis.
Integrated lamps combine the tube and ballast in a single unit.
These effects combine as the game progresses to increase the difficulty and challenge the player.
Some approaches to conflict early warning combine both qualitative and quantitative methodologies, such as Swisspeace's formerly operational project called FAST.
Originally 32 players were nominated but eight were not invited to the final combine by the MLS technical team.
In Maryland the Catholic planter/urban vote could combine to establish a pro-slavery state government.
The disciplines listed above all combine to form the discipline of game feel.
They traveled together to the Senior Bowl, NFL Combine, and their individual pro days.
The defining characteristic of composability is the ability to combine and recombine components into different simulation systems for different purposes."
Formidable players in the roda, Formandos can seamlessly combine all of their skills into a fierce and relentless game.
Is it impossible to combine the hardiness of these savages with the intellectualness of the civilized man?
The much enlarged group became known as the Combine.
The set can also combine with the Garyuuki set, which is planned to be released later in October 2009.
Magic was set up to combine the US government's cryptologic capabilities in one organization dubbed the Research Bureau.
Larger wineries in the region combine vineyards with popular restaurants.
The first successful and commercially available device to combine EI and HPLC was designed by Willoughby and Browner in 1984.
The main reason for this was the opportunity to combine football with studies.
These states include nonfilamentous particles which combine to firm short IFs, or squiggles.
Des Peres combine a theatrical stage approach with a sample heavy sound.
It is also possible to combine "near" and "offset" layouts (but not "far" and "offset").
Yamhill-Carlton and the high school in Gaston often combine teams because of the low amount of students participating.
They each combine demographic and laboratory data to estimate severity or probability of death.
These parties also combine socialist with new left ideals, and stand between United States-oriented social democracy and Soviet Union-oriented communism.
The action-adventure video game genre includes video games that combine core elements from the action and adventure genres.
Often, supernatural horror films combine elements of religion into the plot.
The results of all 9 pools will combine in 1 ranking table.
Gasoline engines combine homogeneous charge (HC) with spark ignition (SI), abbreviated as HCSI.
He demanded to combine this case with the "action plan to fight reaction".
The Hunt-class combine the separate roles of the traditional minesweeper and the active minehunter in one hull.
Together, the six interior robots could combine into Monstructor.
The acts of Dralion combine unique western and eastern acrobatic skills.
Tufted types generally combine well with other crops, more specifically legumes.
So you combine all that with the heavy riffs and the speed, and you've got it."
Peterson explained that the original stores were performing better than the newly acquired outlets, so he decided to combine them.
AOGCMs (e.g. HadCM3, GFDL CM2.X) combine the two submodels.
His compositions combine jazz, western classical and Asian fusion music.
GIS are able to store, manipulate and combine multiple data sets, making complex analyses of the landscape possible.
It would "combine puppets, dancers, acrobats and animated backdrops".
Hesston is the home to AGCO Corporation's large swather and combine harvester manufacturing plants.
He is noted for his realistic aeropaintings, which combine "speed, aerial mechanisation and the mechanics of aerial warfare".
These visualization tools are often used to complement quantitative information gathered during wide-beam analyses.
Because these analyses are based on statistics and probability, it is important not to over-interpret the results.
Lafcadio Hearn's essay Butterflies analyses the treatment of the butterfly in Japanese literature, both prose and poetry.
Genetic Y-DNA analyses in the 2000s have established a partially Middle-Eastern origin for a portion of the male Lemba population.
His astute analyses, penetrating interventions, iconoclastic style, and enigmatic personality left an indelible imprint on all who encountered him.
We present some analyses of his contributions as reviewed by others in academic journals.
Analyses of modern Europeans suggest that no mitochondrial DNA (direct maternal line) originating with Neanderthals has survived into modern times.
She is also a host for the weekly programme Inside Syria, that analyses recent developments in the war-torn country.
Viewshed analyses are also used to locate fire observation stations in mountain areas (Lee and Stucky, 1998).
All of Hubbert's analyses of peak oil specifically excluded oil manufactured from oil shale or mined from oil sands.
Phylogenetic analyses have however shown that species in the Salamandridae traditionally called newts do form a monophyletic group.
The genetic distance is slight and the species form a close-knit and somewhat paraphyletic group in DNA sequence analyses.
MEGA is a modular system, too, but places greater emphasis on ease-of-use than customization of analyses.
In some phylogenetic analyses, it is placed closer to the clade Neosuchia, which includes modern crocodilians.
The only cladistic analyses for bacteria based on classical evidence largely corroborate Gupta's results (see comprehensive mega-taxonomy).
Procedures perform analysis and reporting on data sets to produce statistics, analyses and graphics.
Meta-analyses of multiple genome-wide association studies has suggested an association of SNPs in the ETS1locus with psoriasis in European populations.
The organization's research team analyses financial regulation and formulates policy recommendations.
Cost analyses have shown GreenLight to be less costly than traditional surgery.
Organisation expert Catherine Nicholson analyses the contestants through psychometric tests and the contents of their handbags.
Among other things, social network analyses are now applied to political, professional, military, and other closely attended subject matters.
But mtDNA sequence analyses indicate, for example, the dabbling and diving ducks do not belong in the same subfamily.
DNA sequence analyses of restriction enzymes however show great variations, indicating that there are more than four types.
The microphones detect pitch using digital signal processing, which analyses the frequency of the incoming signal via Fast Fourier transform.
This was followed up with legislation for the mandatory inspection of water quality, including comprehensive chemical analyses, in 1858.
Rational analyses began to replace empiricism in the 20th century, while governmental agencies began their own hydrological research programs.
The ABRP also collects fecal samples for genetic, hormonal, and intestinal bacterial analyses.
An art critic always analyses a situation from a profoundly limited point of view because his knowledge is also limited.
Chemical and lead isotopic analyses revealed metals from multiple sources, from Africa to Iran.
Further examining the data set in secondary analyses, to suggest new hypotheses for future study.
He currently serves as trustee emeritus of Institute for Defense Analyses.
The pronunciation of syllable-final ch and nh in Hanoi Vietnamese has had different analyses.
Despite its importance in the language, the tonal analyses of Mixtec have been many and quite different one from another.
Nonformalized analyses, apart from musical and analytical terms, do not use resources or techniques other than language.
His analyses suggest a phylogeny that is rather different from previous taxonomic arrangements.
The contributors conclude their analyses with specific practical suggestions to implement in the future.
Analyses of the hydrate showed both Structure-I and Structure-II gas hydrate present in the recovered sample.
Recent phylogenetic analyses confirmed that Bruktererpeton is a sister taxon of the better known genus Gephyrostegus.
Since developing AMOVA, Excoffier has written a program for running such analyses.
Using similarity analyses to scaling out research.
Technical analyses of the 1959 incident have produced contrasting conclusions regarding the types and quantities of radioactive materials released.
He analyses "Indian resistance--as it occurs in art, cultural practice, and activist struggle.
The Fingerprint Bureau analyses fingerprints and palmprints, feeds them into national databases and collates the results.
Thus morphological analyses are not able to uncover realistic phylogenetical relationships neither appropriate taxonomy.
The analyses are derived from the simple, steady-state analysis of Wooding (1968).
Conventional monetary analyses are unable to detect or deal with these sorts of ecological problems.
This book analyses their efforts using modern project management methods.
Other analyses indicate a spectrum or continuum of activity states.
Several interrupted time series analyses assessing SORN have been completed in recent years.
George Perle (1990) analyses the piece both harmonically and motivically, and describes its background structure.
For example, meta-analyses found intelligence and height to benefit both leader performance and leader emergence.
Several computer analyses of the text have been done to determine whether there were multiple authors.
Such analyses bring out the civilian police role in counterterrorism next to the military model of a 'war on terror'.
Representations of factors of separate analyses of the different groups.
Molecular analyses have confirmed their identity as separate species and breeding experiments have shown that they do not produce hybrids.
They are periodic analyses of trends in state and local government spending and taxes.
More than a specific calculation method, PME encompasses a number of different analyses sharing the same objective.
The N-curve can be used in a number of different traffic analyses, including freeway bottlenecks and dynamic traffic assignment.
The filling of the gaps and correction of inadequate analyses in introductory and intermediate textbooks on the princinples of economics.
Comparative genopic analyses have uncovered that the baiji have a slow molecular clock and molecular adaptations to their aquatic environment.
The retraction notices generally state that the results of the analyses described in the articles could not be reproduced.
Phylogenetic analyses demonstrates a common ancestry with Thottapalayam virus suggesting early evolutionary divergence.
Various elemental analyses of diamond reveal a wide range of impurities.
In the 1960s at UCLA, Dixon developed BMDP, a statistical software package for biomedical analyses.
Nattiez distinguishes between nonformalized and formalized analyses.
Cladistic analyses recover it close to Anchiceratops.
Burkenroad's primary division of Decapoda into Dendrobranchiata and Pleocyemata has since been corroborated by molecular analyses.
Most phylogenetic analyses (analyses of evolutionary relationships) place pristichampsids in a basal position within Crocodylia.
It is a method-appropriate strategy of founding the credibility of qualitative analyses.
Nonetheless, labeling and tools within data systems to assist analyses are uncommon, even though most educators analyze data alone.
Recognized for its in-depth technical analyses, the journal also reported on industry confabs and included some lighter fare.
Some older analyses have claimed that non-smokers are up to twice as likely as smokers to develop Alzheimer's disease.
The organisation analyses and maps what it has been doing currently and evaluates it based on the 4 principles.
Boileau rules on the language of poetry, and analyses various kinds of verse composition.
According to recent genetic analyses, the genus Catananche is related to the genera Hymenonema, Scolymus and Gundelia.
Election observers insisted that no fraud had taken place, but scholarly analyses published over the years to come disagreed.
While previous estimations were higher, expansion of surveillance data and improved analyses resulted in significantly lower estimations for 2005.
The Laurasiatheria clade is based on DNA sequence analyses and retrotransposon presence/absence data.
This in turn can influence a variety of downstream analyses.
The journal publishes economic analyses, focused entirely on Africa.
Bob Dylan, Performing Artist is considered one of the leading critical analyses of Dylan's songs and performances.
Match previews, point tables (graphics), key factors (graphics) and other analyses are displayed and discussed graphically.
Later exact cladistic analyses are not in agreement.
However, geological investigations supported by geochronological analyses indicate that these rocks are much older.
The bone pin is believed to be baleen due to analyses of its bromine content.
In pre-race analyses, Sastre was frequently mentioned as a rider who could contend for overall victory.
While some psychometric analyses can be performed with standard statistical software like SPSS, most analyses require specialized tools.
Financial costs tend to be most thoroughly represented in cost-benefit analyses due to relatively abundant market data.
The results of those analyses will be the subjects of several upcoming peer-review papers.
Sample analyses resulted in little data due to the rarity of experimental material.
Strabo was under the impression that the Calydonian Boar was an offspring of the Crommyonian Sow vanquished by Theseus.
They also deployed lighter bolt-shooting balistas, belfry siege towers and on one occasion a covered sow.
She was distraught, and a fairy woman asked what she would give her if she helped the sow.
Thus it was prohibited to plow or sow before the first thunder as the earth would be barren.
Snipers sow panic in Aleppo as fighting rages.
Workers were paid $8 per hour to sow topsoil with the invasive vine.
Known only to each other, the fascists coordinate to sow distrust and install their cold-blooded leader.
When placed into groups they fight vigorously with one dominant sow emerging that eats voraciously.
The job MI6 gave to Zaehner in Tehran was "ugly: to sow chaos in the heart of a sovereign government."
Attempts by the Arab Higher Committee to sow discord between the units of the ALA were unsuccessful.
It feeds mainly on sow thistles and lettuces but other food plants have been recorded (see list below).
Subtropical areas should sow seed once the soil has warmed in the spring.
Femme Fatale's second album, As You Sow, So Shall You Reap, was released by Ache in 2002.
Horses may also experience an overbite/brachygnathism (parrot mouth), or an underbite/prognathism (sow mouth, monkey mouth).
In bitterness, the queen sought to sow discord between Olaf and her husband.
It is better to sow the ripe seed, after collection from the plant.
Himmler narrowly convinces Hitler it was all merely an attempt to sow distrust between the Allies.
Armida, a beautiful witch, is sent forth by the infernal senate to sow discord in the Christian camp.
It marks the eastern end of the Sow and Pigs Reef.
Don't till by that river or sow there (Deuteronomy 21:4).
Jia Xu suggested that Cao Cao pretend to agree to their terms, and then try to sow discord among them.
It is also of economic importance in the sow, but, in this species, it is not related to public health.
She was made by Gargamel as a means to sow unrest in the Smurf village.
Peasants have long-term tenure as long as they sow the land, but they cannot mortgage or sell the use rights.
The animals' specific name scrofa is Latin for 'sow'.
Reincarnation exists and karma ("You reap what you sow") is the explanation for various injustices.
The Old Sow had been owned by the Nauvoo Legion."
Athena gave Cadmus half of the dragon's teeth, advising him to sow them.
She ordered him to dig an acre of land and sow it by evening.
Squanto had arrived just at the time that the planters were to sow their first crops in the Western Hemisphere.
Taiwan enterprises sow opportunity in Fujian, CCTV International, 28 June 2009.
She dresses as Lady and attacks the Shadowmaster's army to sow confusion of where anyone is.
In doing so, they could sow their knowledge of the Buddha deep into their minds.
To sow dissension among the vassals the Aztecs demanded human victims as part of the annual tribute.
Players also avoid confusion by alternatively calling the Ace/Deuce a sau (sow).
His nickname "Syr" can be translated as meaning "sow or swine" (related to Old Norse svin).
This is a dance performed as dancers sow the seeds of rice in the jhums.
As I have seen, those who plow iniquity and sow trouble reap the same."
Related to this was his goal to sow the seeds of musical appreciation for future generations.
In 1584 an unknown German in Bergen wrote a curious text called Die Nordische Saw (The Norwegian sow).
The sow will stay in the hole for several weeks, nursing her piglets.
In this regard sow thistles make excellent sacrificial plants.
Skaters sometimes abbreviate the name of the Salchow to either sal or sow.
Sometimes you get right to the edge of it, and sow it back shut and stay on the other side.
Regan describes the track, "Sow Mare Bitch Vixen" as "a celebration of the femme fatale."
Chaos exists only to persist and spread, the Dark Gods delighting only in the destruction and disorder they sow.
German for "Jews' sow", Judensau was the derogatory and dehumanizing imagery of Jews that appeared around the 13th century.
Pedraza lost his second preliminary to Daouda Sow of France by points, 13:9.
Vadhirajaru with his divine powers gave some seeds of Brinjal to Mattu Brahmins to sow it.
Then accused another remaining friend in order to sow division, and then we see how reports get fabricated."
Nalco manufactures primary aluminium metal in the form of ingots, wire rods, sow moulds, billets and strips.
He also stated that Turkey would not give in to efforts to sow division in society.
Finally, the flow stops and so does the grunting of the sow.
On October 6, a cannon that was dubbed the "Old Sow" arrived from Ticonderoga.
Originally the reef was exposed and resembled a sow and her litter.
The East London Mosque condemned the patrols as "utterly unacceptable and clearly designed to stoke tensions and sow discord."
If the Lord's people sow filthiness, they will reap the east wind and destruction (Mosiah 7:31).
During the Second World War some 47% of the total pedigree sow registrations were from the Essex and Wessex breeds.
Nor was it enough to comb and to sow the materials for a tunic.
In "The Psychiatrist", he has a row with Sybil during which he calls his wife a 'rancorous, coiffured old sow'.
When the sow discovers the remains of the piglets, she runs madly around the farm squealing.
He was also comparatively adventurous for his time, for example, advising listeners in 1940 to sow a row of garlic.
Also important are the sedges and sow thistles which reproduce easily in areas that are less salty.
He nicknamed her Mei Zhu, which means "Beautiful Sow" (美豬).
Allen swapped dogtags with Hobie's body to sow confusion during his escape of the burning helicopter wreckage.
It feeds on the flowers and buds of various yellow-flowered Asteraceae such as hawksbeards, hawkweeds and sow thistles.
Other names are Windsau ("wind sow"), Kleesau ("clover sow"), Kornsau ("corn sow"), Aumsau ("chaff sow") or iserne Range ("iron sow").
His first invention was a drill-plough to sow wheat and turnip seed in drills, three rows at a time.
While he is distracted by this a sow starts to drink the buttermilk.
Their goal is to sow the seeds of hope for all to share.
His book The Sow — Improving Her Efficiency has been translated into 23 languages.
In January sow your oats, twill bring a good harvest, and plenty of groats!
Let there be a reconciliation of disputes that often sow the seeds of further misfortunes.
Do not sow your fields or prune your vineyards.
In this environment the plant will self-sow.
Soo' is the local derivative for a sow or pig.
LDI admits that part of the goal of this project is to sow discord and strife within abortion facilities.
On the farm you learn early that you reap what you sow.
There are rare plants here like the alpine sow-thistle, Turk's cap lily, wolfsbane and sundew.
Typically men use the kajandu while women sow, replant, spread manure and harvest.
The song "Reap What You Sow" is the first song by Powderfinger to have a music video.
Other names are Windsau ("wind sow"), Kleesau ("clover sow"), Kornsau ("corn sow"), Aumsau ("chaff sow") or iserne Range ("iron sow").
This task involved monitoring, nursing, and taking care of a pregnant sow who is about give birth to piglets.
It is recommeneded to sow seeds between Feb to the end of October.
They plow, sow, weed, harvest and transport crops.
Behold a sower went forth to sow.
The NMSU job was Drew's first head coaching position at the college level.
She landed her first training job in 1991 as a news anchor at Radio Free Lebanon.
After his playing career, Hariharan took up the job of coaching.
He quit school at the age of 9 and found a job as an apprentice with a barrel-maker.
He faced a strong challenge for the premier's job from Tagak Curley, who was acclaimed to his seat.
Shorty loses his job and gets involved in rustling and killing, gunning down a local lawman.
This interview format is said to have a higher degree of predictability of future on-the-job performance than the traditional interview.
Instead of returning to his job seven weeks after being released, he sought counseling for Posttraumatic stress disorder.
He took the job at the WTC two weeks before nine eleven.
It is also entrusted with the job of restricting the clients according to the level of access they have.
After this she obtained a job as a party instructor within the regional leadership.
Whilst not having a job in the book, in the Augsburger Puppenkiste version he works as a photographer.
On graduating he took a job with the Public Service in his old area of agriculture.
In 1971 Reed left his Peace Corps job to teach full-time at the Corcoran School of Art.
She has a job, an apartment with a roommate, and is beginning to fall in love.
He isn't satisfied by doing a job which he doesn't believe in nor care about.
He said 'Ndrangheta received £100,000 for the job.
His first broadcasting job was at WQUB radio in Galesburg, Illinois, and he adopted his stage name there.
She states she wanted a job and had no intention of saving him from the water.
Eager to leave his job as a teacher, Vainio quit and started collaborating with musician Reino Markkula.
Other European countries like Slovenia and Slovakia have enforced legitimate job share governing.
Initially, no European in Calcutta knew Sanskrit so Hindu pandits' were hired for the job.
He found a job as a factory worker at the CAV Electrics assembly plant in Acton.
On working in television, Simon concluded: "In some ways, it's the greatest job in the world.
In 1999, Haines resigned from the Ohio General Assembly to take a job in the Ohio Department of Agriculture.
Our Def Jam life is now an evening job.
After accepting the job, Early laid out for Roosevelt his vision of how the role should be conducted.
She is extremely professional and devoted to her job.
Soon thereafter, he accepted a job at the local General Motors plant, installing glove boxes in Chevrolets.
The title of the film An Impossible Job reflects the difficulties of the England manager's position.
In 1921 Bert Firman got a job as a violinist with the Midnight Follies Orchestra at the hotel.
He took a job with Canal Bank & Trust Company, which closed in 1933.
He blackmails the young mechanic, demanding a car from Brady's job in exchange for silence.
He took a job as a volunteer English teacher in the Sudan in 1979.
He takes an immediate shine to Jubal and offers him a permanent job.
He then says that Dante came to work of his own free will and "overcompensates for having a monkey's job".
In 1921 he graduated from Cornell University, and got a job from Mississippi State Plant Board.
His first screen acting job was in 2012, with a guest starring role in the comedy web series, Submissions Only.
Gilliam later reasoned that "it would have been the most expensive nose job ever".
Liz creates a job for Becca as the TGS with Tracy Jordan youth consultant.
Mayor Gus Manuel on Galveston claimed that the NWS did an excellent job during Alicia.
Bobby finally becomes gainfully employed and moves out of the boat, but to Andy's dismay, the job is in Georgia.
After her husband was laid off from his job, they opened a real-estate agency.
Applicants must successfully pass a stringent background investigation and job performance review.
Indu loses her job at the harbour.
At the start of the fourth season Lerner became an executive producer, a job which he currently still occupies.
Upon graduation Hill was only able to find one job opportunity: as an interior designer at Eaton's department store.
The following year she moved to Minneapolis where she found a job in an electronics company.
Kaufman was later dismissed from his job at the academy because of his role in leading protests about the controversy.
Attending grand rounds is also an important supplement to medical school and on-the-job resident training.
Chuck was given the job of Chief Engineer of Legion World and worked frequently with the cyborg Legionnaire, Gear.
His first job was working for his uncle in his sawmill so that the family could survive.
Recently, WCCUSD completed a paint job to the exterior campus.
Before his footballing career he worked as a fisherman, and returned to this job later.
She attended Penn State University and then Temple University, getting her first journalism job with the Bucks County Courier.
In 1901, soon after graduation, Carli returned to the Indies and took a job at a sugar factory.
They succeeded, and after the Cooper Vault job, the Panda King returned to China.
The most common job for men is labourer and the most common job for women is professional.
The new man for the job was one of his most trusted men, Mikac Mihaljevic.
It's the most conscientious job I've ever seen of a jazz musician building an alternative canon in just one record.
Clark and Sipowicz decide to head down to Reed's job to see what they can dig up.
In this job, for instance, secret decrees might be prepared, or internal business managed, before being brought before Adolf Hitler.
Finally, the existing job description (if there is one) usually provides a starting point for building the revised job description.
On 2011 he started working as anchor man for Fox Sports (cable TV station), which is also his current job.
This secured him a job as a scriptwriter with Seven Arts.
Ryan is transferred off Hammersley, but later resigns his commission and take a job with a private security company.
In 1959, Gregory landed a job as master of ceremonies at the Roberts Show Club.
Hercules Pappalardo is an archivist who is forced to do anything not to lose his job.
His work on these series got him a job editing Scott Pilgrim vs.
Lester Burnham is a middle-aged advertising executive and magazine writer who despises his job.
She did well at the audition and got the job.
Mary quits her job with the Bellamys, but departs with a small gift of money from some of the servants.
He continued to provide for his family through his new job at the Ab.
He pursued an on the job master's degree in economics.
His first job was for the Durham Sun in North Carolina.
He had studied there, and also acquired a job as head of department in Holla og Lunde Sparebank.
Meanwhile, Marty declares bankruptcy and begins his new job as a birthday clown.
Unemployed and unable to find work, Billy takes the job.
The Official Site of The Texas Rangers: News: Rangers' job narrowed down to fourKaegel, Dick.
While Stephanie finds her family stressful, they often give her tips or connections which assist in her job.
Eventually he gets a job in a small travel agency and takes a group of Finnish tourists to Marbella, Spain.
Is job strain a source of major cardiovascular risk?
At the last minute, Parcells opted not to take the job.
He lost is starting job to Peter Liske in 1975, after the Lions obtained Liske from Calgary in a trade.
Later, he realize his job is missing something 'big'.
The center updates the job vacancies and employment information for their members.
One of the first I-O psychologists to introduce job analysis was Morris Viteles.
In America Jones took a job as the head professional at Myopia Hunt Club until 1912.
She soon gets the job of being Arjun's associate to support her family.
The short story can correlate to real life by the family values of the characters.
Studies have shown that electrostatics dominate interactions in simple systems, and relative binding energies correlate well with electrostatic potential energy.
Several studies indicate that follow-up care for HIV positive women may correlate with a reduction in recidivism.
Large eruptions correlate well with some significant climate change events.
Despite the fact that trans-fatty acids are not saturated, does not correlate to all unsaturated fats lead to CHD.
Lower latitudes correlate with longer life cycles.
Additionally, the types of cognitive changes usually seen to correlate with synaptogenesis revolve around visual, tactile, movement and working memory.
The above-mentioned studies allow inferring the neural correlate of the numerical Stroop effect.
Change agents can be viewed as health professionals while opinion leaders correlate with peer educators.
These geographical distributions strongly correlate with the spread of domesticated cattle.
Large nests typically have more queens, so relatedness between individuals could correlate with the size of the nest.
Impaired parental monitoring and negative affect correlate with COAs associating with peers that support drug use.
The report stated that IQ scores measure important skills as they correlate fairly well (0.5) with grades.
Moreover, the fitness function must not only correlate closely with the designer's goal, it must also be computed quickly.
As the three sections evaluate distinct sets of knowledge and skills, scores do not correlate across sections.
This relational technology allowed people to correlate information stored in a primary table and its shadow.
This has been shown to correlate well with experimental results.
In three of the five patients, co-registered PET/MRI correlate areas of relatively preserved brain metabolism with isolated fragments of behavior.
The plasma levels of various steroids significantly increase after masturbation in men and the testosterone levels correlate to those levels.
Pequigney states that the sonnet "correlate economic and carnal operations, and it abounds in inconsistencies".
Certain feedback from the players did not correlate with the statistical data obtained from the matches during the beta.
These data also correlate to the duration of moisture and amount of time humidity conditions are above 90 percent.
Nest thickness, nest mass and nest dimensions therefore correlate with the mass of the adult bird.
Early research attempted to correlate weather with limited success, followed by attempts to correlate solar activity with global temperature.
These assessments by historians correlate with the goal Gladden held up for his ministry.
When any of the cues received by the brain do not correlate with the others, motion sickness can occur.
IB5k has three divisions: Correlate Analytics, IB5k Interactive & Media, and IB5k Network.
Differences within languages directly correlate to differences in emotion taxonomy.
In melanoma and certain other cancers, the numbers of mutations and neoantigens correlate with patient response.
These abnormal patterns may correlate to areas where there are uncontrolled waste sites.
The amount of walking did not correlate well with the connectivity values indicating that other factors were at play.
When subjected to formal research, symptoms of depression, pain, and gastric dysfunction seem to correlate with mild cases of hypercalcemia.
Warning systems for sandstormsMeteorologists sponsored by the United Nations in Kuwait correlate climate change to the increased frequency of storms.
These findings correlate to the development of trade on the Rhine.
Factors such as nutritional intake, age, or other medical conditions are correlate in lesser degrees.
Interglacial periods correlate well with an intensification of the monsoon circulation.
In languages employing register systems, differences in a distinguishing feature correlate relative to the quality of another distinguishing feature.
It has been shown to correlate with a number of other chemical properties.
The easiest way to correlate a meteorite with a parent body is, when the parent body still exists.
Poor leaving groups correlate with large positive ρ-values.
Recent literature, moreover, has implicated increased FPS responses as a correlate in Posttraumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) and other anxiety disorders.
These tension levels are not standardized between manufacturers, and do not correlate to specific diameters.
However, evidence indicates that time spent carrying infants does not correlate with a male's overall copulation frequency.
The strength of these interactions between the enzyme and substrate positively correlate with their specificity for one another.
Studies in mice also suggest that this kinase may also regulate neuronal functions and correlate fear-induced conflict behavior after stress.
This does not entirely correlate with the scale of Linus Pauling, but is generally in close correspondence.
In some cases, however, early complete response does not correlate with overall survival.
This is because poverty often involves being deprived on several fronts, which do not necessarily correlate well with wealth.
He suggests that mediums of communication directly correlate to the spread of knowledge in a society.
The majority of the studies that correlate vaccination with ADEM onset use small samples or case studies.
However, Korotayev's tests show that the female contribution to subsistence does correlate significantly with matrilocal residence in general.
The two variables aren't related at all, but correlate by chance.
It is normal to correlate the erection of the penis with male sexual arousal.
The length of a story on Archive of Our Own tends to correlate with its popularity.
The objective was to obtain data on human excretion of polonium to correlate with more extensive data from rats.
Changes in ANO1 channel activity directly/positively correlate with ICC activity.
Furthermore, evidence also suggests that impact injuries to the thorax area highly correlate with the occurrence of a cervical-located syrinx.
Those figures correlate to nearly 50,000 megawatts of solar photovoltaic systems and more than 6,600 megawatts of concentrating solar power.
Furthermore 17β-HSD1 levels positively correlate with E2 and negatively correlate with DHT levels in breast cancer cells.
The USPS does not officially correlate neighborhood names to Philadelphia ZIP codes (all are called simply "Philadelphia" or "Phila").
The histologic correlate of acute prostatitis is a neutrophilic infiltration of the prostate gland.
High scores correlate with good functional communication skills in stroke patients with aphasia.
There is also evidence that other non-trait elements of personality may correlate with happiness.
Scholars have worked on this phenomena considering many variables when attempting to correlate the nature of athletes to domestic violence.
Values in his claims correlate to those shown in the sociological textbook You May Ask Yourself by Dalton Conley.
The predicted growth rates of bacteria in varying media have been shown to correlate well with experimental results.
This suggests that the DKS model may have a correlate in mnemonic operations.
In Burmese, differences in tone correlate with vowel phonation so neither exists independently.
Reproductive success of sires was found to correlate inversely with their genetic relatedness to the mother.
These characteristics correlate with reduced ability to repair double-strand breaks in hematopoietic tissue.
HRT parameters correlate significantly with mortality after myocardial infarction (heart attack).
The responses correlate to guilt, shame, externalization of blame, and detachment.
Fluctuating asymmetry in human males is also seen to positively correlate with levels of oxidative stress.
Because the intermolecular attractions strongly correlate with distance, the closer the interacting molecules are together, the stronger the attraction.
They have also been used to correlate progesterone levels to early pregnancy loss.
In addition, brain volumes do not correlate strongly with other and more specific cognitive measures.
QSAR studies attempt to correlate biological activity of drugs, or a class of drugs, with structures.
Oblique rotations permit correlations among factors, though the factors thus identified may not correlate.
Two other common measures have been derived, which involve assumptions, but result in measures that should correlate with BP: and.
The QT results correlate well with the Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale (WAIS) Full Scale IQ.
Note: Colours are representative only, and do not directly correlate to liveries worn in the era.
Because suspicion indicators correlate directly with the AMOs associated with a given protected environment, there is no single definitive list.
Spatial visualization on the other hand also correlate with higher math achievement in a range of 0.30 to 0.60.
Recognized by anti-nuclear antibodies found in primary biliary cirrhosis (PBC) anti-Nup210 antibodies correlate with progression toward end stage liver disease.
Higher degrees of impairment correlate with the number of previous manic episodes and hospitalizations, and with the presence psychotic symptoms.
This method does not correlate well with the methods measuring the enzymatic activity.
Recordings were also developed to correlate music with English and American literature.
On the feelings and their neural correlate, with an examination of the nature of pain.
Unfortunately the peak level reading does not correlate well with the perceived loudness.
Second, self-interacting domains correlate with regulation of gene expression.
He became known as "a consummate master of building according to medieval precedent".
The more consummate the king, the more exemplary the centre.
Ebenezer and Joan consummate their marriage, and Joan falls pregnant.
During this time Tasha and Robbie consummate their relationship.
However, Griffyn and Brenna secretly consummate their relationship soon after, and rather than killing Robert he joins their mission.
Eventually finding shelter in a mysterious bathhouse, the two rest and consummate their growing feelings for each other.
Romeo secretly spends the night in Juliet's chamber, where they consummate their marriage.
He was considered a consummate planner, especially in the area of combined operations with land forces.
And all of them had the consummate good sense not to let it escalate".
For example, Tyrion's storyline has been sped up, and Tommen is old enough to consummate his marriage with Margaery.
In these subjects he could give consummate pleasure, selling them for more than other artists received for their large pictures.
Home of the 'Walkers', a species of First Ones who were consummate explorers.
He and Myriam are married beforehand however Myriam is too upset to consummate the marriage.
Huygens' style was bright and vivacious and he was a consummate artist in metrical form.
However, as they about to consummate the relationship, Rachel was shocked by the bedside light and returned to normal.
Man's most consummate felicity is reflecting Divine attributes.
Hadaa's consummate artistry and use of vivid images can be seen even in his expression of disillusionment.
The two quickly decide to marry and consummate their "marriage" after receiving the King's approval.
Daystar failed to consummate the transaction by tendering cash and shares as per this agreement.
During their visit, Molly and Johnny secretly consummate their love.
Palbasha was the consummate professional, perfectly in-pitch and absolutely belying her age, Schyman told the Minneapolis Star-Tribune.
These include popularized forms such as romantic love (intimacy and passion) and consummate love (passion, intimacy, and commitment).
The gentlemen leave in such a rush that they cannot consummate their marriages.
He was a consummate pilot and was equally at home with jets and propeller airplanes.
Marie did not consummate her relationship with the Sun King.
One night, Twillie again attempts to consummate his "marriage" by entering Flower Belle's room disguised as the masked bandit.
Ada and Inman consummate their love, on their final night together.
Because of a promise, Valentina has to resort to any trick to prevent the husband to consummate the marriage.
Nix is recognized as a consummate storyteller of early Adventism.
Among his readers, he is considered one of the most consummate Anglophiles in the field of contemporary peninsular literature.
The Buddha and the arahants (the Consummate Ones) can concentrate on the paritta suttas without the aid of another.
It was the finest opening night performance by a consummate musician that I have ever witnessed."
Later that night, Jeet and Chhavi consummate.
She received the 2009 Gold Medal for Consummate Craftsmanship from the American Craft Council.
With consummate skill the men who initiated this idea have got possession of the whole Labour movement."
When he finally does, Veronica allows Palestrina to consummate their affair with a long, passionate episode of lovemaking.
Barras, the consummate intriguer, won La Révelliere Lépeaux over to his side, and began planning the downfall of the royalists.
That is the position of consummate trust and authority.
Aryan and Khushi consummate, as Khushi believes that Aryan loves her once again.
In 1969, Audrey returns and marries Dr. Tom Baldwin, who rapes her when she refuses to consummate their marriage.
Under the guidance of Doctor Hughball and Barbara Blaze, the couple retire to bed and consummate their marriage.
Chattakkari is the love story of an Anglo-Indian girl (Lakshmi) and a Hindu boy (Mohan Sharma) who consummate the relationship.
It was the consummate "how-to" manual for the dry-fly fisherman.
His bravery was that of Putnam, tempered with consummate prudence.
He is also a consummate military strategist and spy, and a master of disguise and excellent actor.
At the opening Naosuke is pressuring Osode to consummate their marriage, to which she seems oddly averse.
Thus, consummate love may not be permanent.
Throughout the second season of Cheers, Sam and Diane consummate their relationship, which becomes dysfunctional.
For consummate bravery asks for consummate cause.
Duke Ellington's infrequently played "Melancholia" is simply breathtaking, as Barron's consummate voicings blend beautifully with Rouse's bittersweet sax".
After their marriage, Jodhaa acts reluctant with Akbar and they do not consummate their marriage.
Bobby and Vicki leave to consummate their marriage.
Frances Gray acknowledges a common criticism of the play: why do the characters not consummate the affair?
The pit fiend engages the five and manages to kill the consummate survivor Jarlaxle in one blow.
Sarah Berry 'Sally' Seidman remember as 'consummate mom,' instrumental in bringing 'La Grande Vitesse' to Grand Rapids.
The last was somewhat confused in effect, but in recognition of its consummate rendering the State purchased it.
Take Two: How Hillary Clinton turned herself into the consummate Washington player.
Riefenstahl was a consummate stylist obsessed with bodies in motion, particularly those of dancers and athletes.
The unique trait of the Fuan is the consummate combination of the single-arch bridge and the bridge towers.
His 1991 novel, The Member-Guest, has been described as "the consummate golf novel" (Falco).
David and Josephine start a relationship and it climaxes when she and David consummate their love and David proposes.
In this approach, the Four Noble Truths are the consummate teaching.
Privately handfasting, Alec and Abby consummate their new marriage by sharing a hallucinogenic tuber.
The novel centers around the protagonist and narrator, Rachel White, a thirty-year-old single woman who is a consummate good-girl.
Grey and Stephan von Namtzen finally consummate their long-simmering attraction.
For this very reason, the probability that the merger will consummate increases as arbitrageur control increases.
This unexpected attack, conducted from first to last with consummate ability and lightning-like rapidity, had a paralysing effect upon Denmark.
An internationally known sculptor and consummate academician, he taught drawing and sculpture for 3 years.
On December 10, 2009, CIT satisfied all of the conditions required to consummate the prepackaged Plan of Reorganization (the "Plan").
In this context it means "of a degree highest of its kind" or "consummate" (cf.
Lisbeth and Jacques consummate their relationship, but soon afterwards she returns to Alsace, leaving him devastated.
His quickness and penetration would have made him a consummate man of business but for his selfsufficiency and impatience.
They often use this technology to adapt to alien environments and infiltrate alien cultures; Rutans are consummate spies.
Piper and Tyler reconcile at Brad and Lauren's wedding, and finally consummate their relationship.
After had a consummate legal practice Pundit Gopabandhu Das decided to quit the profession for social work and mass education.
He has done so with consummate skill and outstanding personal leadership and under direct enemy fire.
They finally consummate their relationship in September 1963.
Charles's mask was "sharp", but Legrand's art, wrote Gautier, was "more consummate, more extensive, more varied."
He described it as "a consummate work of art, fit to stand on a par with our loftiest creations".
The arm finds her and they consummate their love with a deep kiss.
While deeply in love, even the attempt to consummate their affection drives both Stanley and Margaret into emotional agony.
Tatsu Aoki is a prolific artist, composer, musician, educator and a consummate bassist and Shamisen Lute player.
In grief, Nalan decides to consummate her romance with Yang, and eventually becomes pregnant with Yang's child.
Drago is carefully fitted and trained to be the consummate fighter.
To consummate this union, Dagda sent Elcmar to High King Bres on an errand around the time of Imbolc.
He is also quoted later as saying Schilling was "the consummate table for one."
With consummate seamanship and coolness under fire, Ramage dodged and twisted, returning torpedo fire for gunfire.
She suspects deceit and refuses to consummate the marriage.
He decides that the solution is to force Emma to consummate their marriage.
Nevertheless, the consummate statesman, Richelieu, decided to force Philip IV to look to his own internal problems.
Subordinate to the Army of the Alps was the 14th Army Corps under General Beynet.
The Surruque to the north and the Jaega to the south were politically subordinate to the Ais.
Presently, there are 12 "Military Regions", which are further broken down into 44 subordinate "Military Zones."
Lugdush was one of Saruman's Uruk-hai and a trusted subordinate of Ugluk.
Politically the United States tried to keep a distance from European affairs, and Canada was subordinate to British foreign policy.
Napoleon III confined the National Guard during the Second Empire to subordinate tasks to reduce its liberal and republican influence.
In particular, this is the case when swearing accompanies insubordination against a superior or humiliation of a subordinate employee.
Inugama (Inugami in the English version): Ushitora's former subordinate.
Many countries maintain a signal corps, which is typically subordinate to a country's army.
Secondly, the slaves were captured and, at night, they were bound to stakes which symbolized their subordinate status.
Among the critics of Patton's frequent use of vulgarities was General Omar Bradley, Patton's former subordinate.
The members of the court can be divided into three general categories: royalty, ministers, and subordinate officials.
Subordinate everything else to the above decisions.
The Federal Agency for Special Construction is subordinate to the Ministry of Defence.
His subordinate Liu Zeqing (劉澤清) escaped north to Huai'an, while only Liu Zhaoji (劉肇基) came to Shi Kefa's aid.
The other (nameless) subordinate decides to utilize the formula to conquer the world by using the former Brainhov's invention.
The bishopric was centered on the town of Tur Abdin (in southeast Turkey) and was subordinate to Dara.
In 1826 von Recke was himself dismissed from his post because of embezzlement by a subordinate employee in his department.
The region has been subordinate both the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lezhe and Roman Catholic Diocese of Sape.
Voltaire also wonders about such detention measures and state secrecy around a simple subordinate confidant.
All of the Teutonic Knights' possessions were subordinate to the Grand Master, whose seat was in Bad Mergentheim.
Unlike the relationship between consuls, who shared equal authority, the magister equitum was always subordinate to the dictator.
P. annularis queens have the tendency to outlive all of the subordinate cofoundresses of their associations.
Along with other federal ministries and agencies, the FSB created its own departmental awards subordinate to the state awards.
Baltimore Gabbro Complex is a hypersthene gabbro with subordinate amounts of olivine gabbro, norite, anorthositic gabbro, and pyroxenite.
It is a subordinate unit of I Corps.
Subordinating conjunctions make relations between clauses, making the clause in which they appear into a subordinate clause.
Typically an individual may work with or be subordinate to a conservator.
PM JBC-P transitioned into a subordinate product of PM MC.
Thirsk chided the author for relying on secondary sources and a stubborn desire to subordinate historical facts to sociological concepts.
While others have accepted the possible existence of memes, they are sometimes seen as subordinate to genes.
Instead, he sends his subordinate Nezha to arrest Wukong.
Instead of a subordinate regional diet, Hungary was granted its own parliament, and essentially attained the status of "sovereign state".
Their lords had no specific rank, and were always officially subordinate to dukes and foreign princes.
Subordinate commands were under discussion in 1954 and 1956.
It is subordinate to St Mary's parish church at West Dean.
Although the mafia leader cannot get to Kwan, they manage to kill Pao's subordinate Yung.
The minor district (king amphoe) Ko Yao was established in 1903 as a subordinate of Mueang Phang Nga District.
First Army has directed that all subordinate brigades wear the First Army SSI instead of their own authorized brigade SSI.
At the time, it was a fortress subordinate to Pskov and protecting it from the south.
According to the Grand Lodge's 2015 reports, there are 19 Subordinate Lodges in Liberia with a total membership of 1,750.
On 23 July 1930, the okrugs were abolished, and the districts became directly subordinate to the oblasts.
He was also chief supervisor of the Secret Service Sigurimi, which was subordinate to the Ministry of the Interior.
Shapiro and Austen become close friends despite their disparate backgrounds and his subordinate position as Austen's leading petty officer.
In 904, he executed Emperor Zhaozong of Tang and made his 13-year-old son a subordinate ruler.
Using an evasion point does not kill the Subordinate, but instead renders them unconscious for a set time.
Someone would have to run from one commander to a subordinate to tell them what to do.
He expected his subordinate commanders to do the same.
It facilitated analysis of the ways subordinate groups actively resist and respond to political and economic domination.
Since Wright was the chief engineer, Randel was his subordinate.
On 13 May 1943, the 616th Bombardment Squadron was established as the initial subordinate squadron of the 477th Bombardment Group.
During the verses of the song the quinto is capable of sublime creativity, while musically subordinate to the lead vocalist.
These individuals were in networks of subordinate organizations, called kikan, that would carry out actual operations.
The Task Force and its subordinate formations comprised a shifting group of units and formations.
In comparison with unparasitized control nests, subordinate females under a parasite queens laid more eggs.
He had entered the village with two of his subordinate commanders and a few of his fighters.
The statutes are subordinate to the Oregon Constitution.
The major subordinate Army commands were Eighth Army, commanded by Lt.
For this operation, Bradley was subordinate to Patton, under British overall direction.
Items that have subordinate aggregate data are called group items; those that do not are called elementary items.
In the first case the accompaniment is subordinate, and serves merely to support the first or principal part.
Administratively skekSil's subordinate, skekShod is incapable of acknowledging anyone's presence unless offered some gift.
His subordinate generals were supportive of this line of reasoning and counseled delay, all except for Brig.
Kodungallur was a feudal principality subordinate to the rulers of the Kingdom of Cochin.
New Forms and Functions of Subordinate Clause in Kurdish.
Owen says this was premature and that the ARBiH wasn't required to be subordinate to the HVO.
Unlike the La Mojarra Stela 1, these two monuments also show a subordinate, and likely intimidated, smaller figure.
It is subordinate to the Federal Ministry of the Interior (Bundesministerium des Innern (BMI)).
It is subordinate to the National Security Directorate of the Egyptian Ministry of Interior.
The units of Raveneck and his subordinate, Kaspar Nostyc (commander from Conitz (Chojnice) also created a tabor.
Each of the four provinces became subordinate entities and had far fewer powers than the Canadian provinces or Australian states.
Hypatius's subordinate commanders were either killed or joined the rebellion.
Equitable subordination can be used to subordinate both secured and unsecured claims.
The League of Communists of Macedonia was also an organization subordinate to the federal-level League of Communists of Yugoslavia.
First-print copies of the game featured DLC codes for Gust from Hyperdimension Neptunia as a subordinate demon.
The revised statute is clearly subordinate to the Constitution of Japan, which went into effect on May 3, 1947.
On August 20, the North Korean commands distributed operations orders to their subordinate units.
Subsequently he worked for Sun Yuanhua, governor of Shandong, along with fellow Mao subordinate Geng Zhongming.
It was established in 1989 as a subordinate to the Elections and Boundaries Commission.
The idea of keeping slaves illiterate was a tool for white Southerners to keep the slaves subordinate.
Because of the fact that these characteristics are difficult to measure, subordinate criteria are assigned.
In peacetime, a Soviet army was usually subordinate to a military district.
Some have had subordinate units reallocated to other commands.
The Hamburg Stock Exchange (founded in 1558) is owned by and subordinate to the Hamburg Chamber of Commerce.
After protracted discussion, the Presbytery referred the case to the Western Subordinate Synod for adjudication.
The two B sections (subordinate themes) are in G major and C major respectively.
Speer was to be replaced by his own subordinate, Karl-Otto Saur.
This is often called the falling fight, though it is more common for one wasp to act as a subordinate.
In a fit of romantic jealousy, Bodie's subordinate, Lex murdered his ex-girlfriend's new boyfriend: a Stanfield dealer known as Fruit.
He allowed his subordinate commanders a great deal of latitude in making decisions for their units.
The player would agitate the instrument while playing, resulting in a constant acoustic phasing effect within the instrument's harmonics.
The school offers free lesson and instrument hire to all students attending the school.
On the interior, the instrument panel was redesigned with modernized gauges; the secondary control panel was adopted from the TC/2000.
The original organ of 1868 by T.J. Robson was replaced in 1904 be a new instrument by Norman and Beard.
The parliament and Cromwell had very different legislative agendas, with most parliamentarians wishing to dismantle the Instrument of Government.
The instrument is the largest of its type in the area.
This instrument is still in continuous use.
Hart is a licensed pilot with commercial, multi-engine, and instrument ratings.
Community Radio becomes the instrument for the livelihood battle of the rural people.
She was accepted at the University of Miami as a Music Education Major with piano as her principal instrument.
An expanded version of the instrument, the BX-3, had two manuals.
Most of the other acoustic instruments, such as their shawms, are only made by a few other instrument builders.
He is also the first to play the folk instrument with a symphonic orchestra and a big band.
The artist tunes the instrument by varying the tension in the leather straps spanning the hull of the instrument.
The GEMS instrument is about 100 times more sensitive than previous X-ray polarization experiments.
While paintings and sculpture exist, only one instrument has survived the centuries.
Attacks with a blunt instrument may be fatal.
The KdA was the political-military instrument of the SED; it was essentially a "party Army".
The Shakubyoshi (kanji: 笏拍子; is a Japanese musical instrument consisting of two wooden slabs that are struck together.
This permitted the instrument to be used to measure or lay out angles or other dimensions visually.
He was apprenticed to the optical instrument maker James Mann.
The instrument was installed (12 stops, one keyboard) and designed by the Lyon manufacturer Francois du Fayet.
Serves as an effective interdisciplinary instrument to support the renewal of Catholic universities.
This instrument provides both an extended range and an unorthodox harmonic palette.
If this condition is met, then the instrument is said to satisfy the exclusion restriction.
Action 15 of the BEPS Action Plan is about "Developing a Multilateral Instrument to Modify Bilateral Tax Treaties".
Over time, these changes can endure without continued use of an instrument.
The Segev Shalom local council, with nine members, was created as an instrument of local government.
There also exist national norms for the short version of this instrument (p. 352).
Whatever the exact instrument response function we may note that it is largely independent of the f-number of the lens.
These usually include distinct case forms for object, subject, and instrument or possessor.
The double-reed gives the instrument a sound similar to that of the modern oboe.
The chikara is a bowed stringed musical instrument from Bengal, India used to play indian folk music.
Originally, calculation of these values required manually measuring the waveform against the scales built into the screen of the instrument.
Cole-Parmer also offers calibration and instrument repairs.
In general, the legal situs of the property is where the instrument is located.
In northern Vietnam, the instrument is also known as the dan thap luc.
It is distinct from notes payable liabilities, which are debts created by formal legal instrument documents.
The instrument proved less satisfactory than the Bowman fluorometer.
The IPCVA has become a major instrument to improve the international competitiveness of Argentine beef.
In Indonesia, a similar Portuguese-inspired instrument is the kroncong.
Kumar reduced the number of strings on the instrument from 20 to five.
In 2006, this star was examined using the MIPS instrument on the Spitzer Space Telescope.
The state of Junagadh executed an Instrument of Accession as well as Standstill agreement with Pakistan on 15 August.
The instrument is also prominent in the intro to "Faith Healer" by Sensational Alex Harvey Band ().
The first instrument he learned to play was the guitar, followed by tabla and piano.
However, difficulty is related both to the instrument and the difficulty of the piece itself.
Using a needle-shaped instrument, Galen attempted to remove the cataract-affected lens of the eye.
He came upon a peasant playing a balalaika and had the instrument copied.
The scheitholt or scheitholz is a traditional German stringed instrument and an ancestor of the modern zither.
The instrument was patented in 1894 by a Canadian-born Colorado geologist named David W. Brunton.
Symphonies are notated in a musical score, which contains all the instrument parts.
The sound of the piccolo is combined with the strings similar to wind instrument and strings in clarinet quintets.
The chalumeau is a folk instrument that is the predecessor to the modern-day clarinet.
Fairchild Camera and Instrument Corporation was a company founded by Sherman Fairchild.
Gibson claimed that this covers technology that simulates a concert performance via pre-recorded audio and a musical instrument.
Many oscilloscopes today provide one or more external interfaces to allow remote instrument control by external software.
Rebab, a long-necked bowed instrument with a large body.
The instrument is not, however, fully chromatic.
It is classified as a bamboo instrument in the Ba Yin (ancient Chinese instrument classification) system.
It was the only writing instrument company in its suite of companies.
Regular performances in many world-renowned venues have confirmed its status as one of the Poland's most outstanding period instrument ensembles.
To become party to the Protocol, states must deposit an instrument with the government of France (the depositary power).
Another invention which to a large extent contributed to the development of jazz music was Adolphe Sax's new instrument.
Paintings and drawings in which the instrument is visible.
Magnetometer (MAG) is the name of an instrument suite on the Juno orbiter for planet Jupiter.
The instrument was spread in southern and western regions of Kievan Rus'.
Raw data, also known as primary data, is data (e.g., numbers, instrument readings, figures, etc.
It came into force after the eleventh instrument of ratification (that of Grenada) was deposited on 18 July 1978.
In honour of your musical language, I have borrowed from it the name of this instrument, calling it the Armonica."
Some of the Compton pipework was re-used in the Jardine instrument.
The enterprises form machine-building, electro-technology, instrument-making, and energy conglomerates.
The businessmen financed the procurement and acquisition of an instrument called the Universal Meteorograph (an invention of another Jesuit, Fr.
Another common instrument, unique to Swedish traditions, is the nyckelharpa.
This instrument is capable of capturing images in the visible, infrared, and water vapor regions of the electromagnetic spectrum.
Collings Guitars is an Austin, Texas based stringed instrument manufacturer.
Renbourn continued to use this guitar and another OM-style instrument, made by Ralph Bown of York, UK, in 1985.
They also made a number of gravity measurements with the same instrument that Dixon had used with Maskelyne in 1761.
Instrument switches are usually employed to entertain the audience and demonstrate the band's proficiency.
Missile was by the Glenn L. Martin Company, but was the MSQ-1A by the Reeves Instrument Corporation.
Kreuger invented another financial instrument, which continues to be used and is nowadays known as American Depositary Receipts.
Sandole taught advanced harmonic techniques that were applicable to any instrument, using exotic scales and creating his own.
In the meantime the ETD equipment remains on the ISS as a general purpose instrument.
Tomographic laser beam profilers were originally developed as a measuring instrument by Duma Optronics.
Aida learned the instrument from Alberto, and Aida passed her knowledge on to Victor.
This allows all eight fingers to simultaneously play the instrument so large chords are possible.
He made the bold move of adding the conga drum, the quintessential Afro-Cuban instrument.
They also changed the turn signals and the instrument panel.
He subsequently claimed that at school, the tuba was the only instrument left.
The instrument was then developed as a children's toy by slaves in the United States.
Its inability to support its administrative expenses caused Pauli to affiliate once more with its former mother town.
In 2016 he became the Bench Coach for the Wilmington Blue Rocks, the Advanced-A affiliate of the Kansas City Royals.
WWJX is Jackson, Mississippi's The Walk TV affiliate, broadcasting digitally on UHF channel 23.
Hayhurst officially appeared on the ballot as the candidate of the New Democracy party, an affiliate of Social Credit.
Navigation Catalyst Systems is a subsidiary of New.net and an affiliate of the ICANN-accredited registrar Basic Fusion.
It is the Puerto Rico affiliate of the national Republican Party of United States.
KGMY was the ESPN Radio affiliate for Springfield until January 1, 2015.
VSHL is the Virginia affiliate of the National Right to Life Committee.
He then switched to the Cleveland Indians' organization as pilot of the Akron Aeros, the Tribe's Double-A affiliate.
The Pleasant Plains Historical Society's affiliate, Clayville Historic Site, now operates the stagecoach stop and 1824 tavern building.
The station is a National Public Radio affiliate and is located on Bradley's campus.
KERO-TV went on the air on September 26, 1953, on channel 10 as an NBC affiliate.
On March 6, 2006, the station announced that it would be the flagship affiliate of the Dallas Cowboys radio network.
It is a radio affiliate of the Los Angeles Rams.
Cybererotica was among the early innovators in affiliate marketing with a cost per click program.
The station is owned by the Sinclair Broadcast Group, as part of a duopoly with MyNetworkTV affiliate WRDC (channel 28).
The Avalanche's American Hockey League affiliate was the Lake Erie Monsters, based in Cleveland, Ohio.
Through local, regional and international partnerships and affiliate centers, the Museum seeks to connect Palestinians worldwide.
He was also a reporter for WYTV-Channel 33 in Youngstown, Ohio, an ABC affiliate.
The Libertarian Party of Massachusetts is the Massachusetts affiliate of the Libertarian Party.
First, it was an affiliate of Home Shopping Spree and The Box.
Buffalo ABC affiliate WKBW-TV replaced WHAM-TV in these communities.
CELSI is an affiliate partner of the Marie Curie International Training Network EDUWORKS.
On November 22, 2010, KBPX-LP resumed operations on digital channel 46, as an affiliate of The Country Network.
Currently, charging per action is a common pricing scheme in affiliate networks, such as the Amazon Associates Program.
In 2009, the Houston Rockets and Rio Grande Valley Vipers pioneered the single-affiliate partnership, also known as the hybrid model.
It was created at first as an affiliate of the National Sanctuary "Sophia of Kiev".
It can also been seen on local cable systems in British Columbia as the "local" CBS affiliate.
Until May 12, 2016, KYVV broadcast on channel 28 (virtual channel 10) as an affiliate of MundoMax.
After the station's purchase by ABC/Disney, the station became an affiliate of the children's/contemporary hit radio network Radio Disney.
On paper, the new channel 26 was an NBC affiliate at its launch.
KRNI is an affiliate of Iowa Public Radio, and carries the network's "News and Information" service.
Crabbe began the 2002 season at the Milwaukee Brewers' rookie league affiliate, the Ogden Raptors.
The North Texas Convention dissolved, and recommended its churches affiliate with the Baptist State Convention.
Four affiliate members each participate in one sport.
It consists out of members of all affiliate unions, represented proportionally.
In 1991, he did reporting for St Louis' CBS affiliate KMOV.
Owned by the Meredith Corporation, the station is sister to ABC/Fox/MyNetworkTV affiliate WGGB-TV.
In 1978 HSBC was forced to convert its branches into an affiliate, Saudi British Bank.
He last pitched in the United States with the Cincinnati Reds AAA affiliate Louisville.
KTEL-CD signed on in late 1997 on UHF channel 15 as an affiliate of Telemundo.
He was initially assigned to the ECHL affiliate, the Alaska Aces, before regaining fitness and returning to the Wild.
XHTAO-TDT channel 47 (virtual channel 12) is a Multimedios Television affiliate in Tampico, Tamaulipas.
Huml spent much of his tenure with their American Hockey League affiliate the Providence Bruins.
Tatto Media is an affiliate marketing advertising network based in Boston.
That was originally intended to be the ABC affiliate for all of North-Central West Virginia.
Huntington refers to countries that are seeking to affiliate with another civilization as "torn countries."
The school was supported by affiliate unions of the American Federation of Labor until 1928.
Amazon Associates is one of the first online affiliate marketing programs and was launched in 1996.
The Courage Campaign is an affiliate of ProgressNow.
On October 4, 2012, Korecky was outrighted to the Blue Jays Triple-A affiliate Buffalo Bisons.
It was once an affiliate of Urban America Television prior to that network suspending its operations indefinitely.
It was originally a CBC Television affiliate.
Official Webpage of the Japanese affiliate of the Association of Baha'i Studies.
Gray Television, which owns NBC affiliate KYTV (channel 3), and ABC affiliate KSPR-LD, operates KGHZ under a shared services agreement.
The station began broadcasting on August 12, 1995 as The WB affiliate WVGV-TV.
It violated Federal Communications Commission (FCC) rules regarding station ownership because Raycom already owned Fox affiliate WFXL.
As a result, WSMV became the only NBC affiliate in Meredith's present-day station group.
It began as a state affiliate of the Constitution Party (CP) (then known as the Taxpayers Party).
Under the plan, KFTA would become the Fox-affiliate for the area leaving KNWA as the sole NBC-affiliate for Northwest Arkansas.
Spokane's primary sources of non-commercial and community radio include Spokane's NPR-affiliate station KPBX-FM and KYRS, a full-power community radio station.
WVAM is the ESPN Radio affiliate of Altoona, Pennsylvania.
Since its sign-on August 7, 2008, NBC affiliate WMBF-TV has been offering local news in full high definition.
On November 2, 2014, he was acquired by the Bakersfield Jam of the NBA Development League as an affiliate player.
Its academic affiliate is the New York Medical College School of Medicine.
She also worked in her hometown of Cleveland, Ohio at WKYC-TV, the NBC-TV affiliate there.
After graduating, McCaa worked in Omaha for more than seven years in anchoring and reporting, with WOWT-TV, an NBC affiliate.
It was a Mutual affiliate, owned by Cedar Valley Broadcasting Company, Incorporated.
Released on Slipdisc Records (a Mercury affiliate) in 1998.
KYTX CBS19 Owners LBC Buy Tyler-Area CW Affiliate, Tyler Morning Telegraph, November 8, 2009.
With both Jaroslav Halak and Carey Price minding net Sanford was assigned to the Canadiens AHL affiliate, the Hamilton Bulldogs.
The BEL was admitted into the Socialist International as an observer affiliate in 1999.
The Canadian Métis Council comprises over 50 community councils and affiliate Métis organizations in every province of Canada.
The station is also an affiliate of the University of Massachusetts Amherst network for football and men's basketball broadcasts.
CPJ is an affiliate member of the Canadian Council of Churches (CCC).
His stay there extended to six months, and his popularity was cemented by nationwide radio broadcasts over NBC affiliate stations.
He also holds an affiliate faculty appointment in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering at the University of Washington.
On April 6, 1987, the station became an affiliate of the Fox Broadcasting Company.
This station is the longest-tenured ABC affiliate in the Upper Midwest.
WVBT is owned by Nexstar Media Group as part of a duopoly with NBC affiliate WAVY-TV (channel 10).
WYAB is also the sole local affiliate of Louisiana State University athletics, including football, and men's basketball.
This makes it a sister station to CW affiliate WBMM and CBS affiliate WAKA.
He was replaced with Fred Creighton, who had been coaching the Flames' minor league affiliate, the Omaha Knights.
The station is an affiliate of the syndicated Pink Floyd program "Floydian Slip."
Upon conclusion of the lockout he was assigned to AHL affiliate, the Portland Pirates.
The station is an affiliate of the Dallas Cowboys Spanish Language Radio Network.
Another USA Funds affiliate, Northwest Education Loan Association, is a nonprofit guarantor that serves the Pacific Northwest.
He was reassigned to the Ducks AHL affiliate, the Norfolk Admirals to begin the year.
Rick Kupchella was a weekend anchor at the NBC television affiliate, KARE-11, in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
So Goodman looked for an excuse to cancel it.
When kids try to trip him, he says "excuse me" or "I beg your pardon".
The Empire wanted to use the rebellions as an excuse to achieve their will.
There is no excuse for not using vacation days.
The Missionaries didn't recognize Tavita as rightful heir, on the excuse that he was not born in church wedlock.
Whitbrook described the subplot as an excuse for the audience to see Mulgrew out of her Starfleet uniform.
Another young scholar was met with the gratifying question: "Excuse me, but what is actually non-trivial about what you did?"
Tito, personally invited, refused to attend under a dubious excuse of illness.
They revealed it was an excuse to gain timber and lucrative construction contracts, so prevalent at that time.
In 1999, Dahlia Seed's parting shot to the world was the release of "Please Excuse All The Blood".
Once engaged in an argument, situation of conflict, or when being verbally attacked, making an excuse and exiting the area.
He decided to stay day and night in Rome as not to give an excuse for bombings in his absence.
The verdict means that the killing was done without lawful excuse and in breach of criminal law.
The government uses the theft and publication of the document as an excuse to dismantle the Hacker subculture.
Jerry must wear glasses while around Lloyd to keep with Elaine's excuse.
Though it is not an excuse, sometimes the heightened media scrutiny has caused me to act out in public.
There, she was arrested under Shuri's orders, prompting Namor to attack Wakanda under the excuse of rescuing her.
The musician Pony's return strips away illusions and excuse to reveal the meaningless dead-end existences of everyone.
Langford stated the plan was only an excuse to remove blacks from the school.
The same character model also appears as a French teacher named Madame LaVache in "Excuse Me" with a French accent.
He apparently used that as an excuse to carry out his evil deeds.
Mikhail Gorbachev was invited too, but had to excuse himself because his wife, Raisa Gorbachev, was seriously ill.
Columnist Russell Smith of The Globe and Mail called Toronto 1 a "wretched excuse for a television station".
That gave the traditional parties the excuse to initiate a nationwide revolt that killed the president.
However this tends not to be a valid excuse.
According to Margoliouth, this became an excuse for unfettered conquest.
Therefore every human being is without excuse and without any excuse.
As with Barrett's future driver, Kenelm Lee Guinness, this war-work was sufficiently important to excuse military service during the war.
When Panarella's crew complained, it gave Persico an excuse to exile Panarella to Las Vegas.
First it was implemented as a preventive war, and as an excuse to act pre-emptively.
Intel excuse for no GMA900 WDDM driver: no "HW Scheduler" no driver, Beyond3D, October 26, 2006.
She said, "I was just watching Fame on video and I thought what a great excuse".
Now, he used the death of his erstwhile patron as an excuse to break his treaty with the Empire.
Her two studio albums are Fresh Water (March 1972) and Excuse Me (October 1975).
Black Magic Woman is "largely an excuse for soft-porn sequences between some yucky shocks", Elley wrote.
The District of Columbia does not require an excuse for either early voting or absentee voting.
He said that there is no longer any excuse for a rejecter of faith to persist in his rejection.
The "excuse" provides a mitigating factor for a group of persons sharing a common characteristic.
This intelligence was used as an excuse by the French for assisting Henry Tudor's invasion.
His excuse for summoning Sweet was that "I just wanted to make sure we were gonna work out.
What is the legal justification or excuse for such conduct?
Aggressiveness, memory lapses and other common symptoms resulting from acute intoxication are not sufficient in themselves to excuse criminal acts.
She uses the tragedy as an excuse to avoid seeing the Duke, whom she does not love.
Now if you'll excuse me, there's someone I need to get in touch with and forgive.
It's no excuse that the starting point was probably the weakest of Shakespeare's plays.
However, Wang used this excuse to attack Yiwu, capturing Yifeng (義豐, in modern Baoding) and seizing 10,000 people.
Nick Zito had a legitimate excuse in the Preakness and decided to send him on to the Belmont.
The excuse for the annulment was consanguinity.
Ferhunde resigns with an excuse to have some rest, leaving Sevket the only person to pay the Tekins' expenses.
So Malika's importance will be less so, Malika made an excuse and chose Khadija (Yasra Rizvi) from a poor family.
Dutt recalled, "I don't know what excuse Kevin gave them for leaving.
The judge, Mr Justice Byles, opposed this excuse strongly in his summing-up.
The only excuse he gave was that Paul never looked out for his psychotic mother Isabella.
The position of the Government does not excuse us from evaluating the circumstances of the whole case.
There is no excuse for what I did.
The PRC's Defense Ministry has cited the pivot as an excuse for their own continued buildup.
Most flat-panel makers use this standard as the excuse for not accepting returns of defective flat-panels.
Life in the military is hectic, but that's no excuse for not knowing the people you work for and with.
His part-time work as a drama critic provided him with an excuse to spend his evenings at the theatre.
The Speaker may summarily order a Member to excuse him or herself from the House for one hour.
Before forming Sleater-Kinney, Tucker played in Heartless Martin with Becca Albee of Excuse 17.
The game was ended after the Ponts-et-Chaussées had the excuse of a deterioration of the roadway to have it banned.
They all were not hypnotised on the excuse that they have a secret mission.
Such barbarity gave the Knights an excuse not to treat the Prussians as civilized and honorable people.
According to Paul, he used his limited sight as an excuse.
This reinforces the approach that inability to pay is no excuse.
The report provided the British an excuse for action based on "disorder and misrule".
The same excuse was made that they could not be trusted to march unbound to the camp.
The news station creates an excuse to fire him, and Cassellis is let go.
The final excuse for the youth's infidelity is that no man can resist the advances of a woman.
Pratt reasoned that the club would give them an excuse to spend time with him without her.
This gave carpaccio an excuse for filling his canvas with picturesque oriental costumes and architecture.
He said that was no excuse, just what happened.
The concept was attacked by later feminists as accepting the paternalist view of society and providing an excuse for inequality.
Kailasam repeated several classes to have an excuse to extend his stay in England.
There is no excuse for the way they are treated, there are always alternatives".
For this admixture of secular with spiritual aims there was considerable excuse.
With legendary stinginess, Salis found every excuse for not paying his staff, suppliers and artists.
Poverty was not accepted as an excuse and some help was supplied under the poor law.
Excuse My French (La Moakhza) is Salama's third feature, a movie that stirred considerable controversy during its release in 2013.
Meanwhile, the true Rider, disenchanted with his royal masquerade, pleads food poisoning as an excuse to go back to Karlova.
Cavendish commonly used the epistles to call attention to and excuse potential weaknesses in her writing.
When the boy's mother walks in, "I took a Lude" was the woman's excuse.
To rule out this assumption, experimenters were instructed to ask "Excuse me.
In 2007 Andy wrote "Excuse Me Your Planet Is Burning".
The problem with the latter decision was that it gave Parliament an excuse to legislate in regard to many matters.
Making up an awkward excuse, he and Lance leave.
Soon, family outings to Skegness became an excuse for the future artist to "trawl.
On August 11, they released their fourth Japanese single, "Excuse Me".
The private schools Madrona School and Blessed Sacrament School also find their home in the neighbourhood.
The district is further blessed with nine (9) minor lakes that comprise part of the Lake Kyoga system.
According to Islamic law, animals must be butchered in a halal way and blessed before they can be eaten.
She painted pictures on the walls of her cell, including one of the Blessed Virgin and the Christ Child.
The recently renovated Cathedral of the Blessed Sacrament located at 11th and K Streets.
Peru is both afflicted and blessed by a peculiar climate due to the Humboldt Current.
Melkor soon destroyed Almaren, and the Valar established a new abode in the Uttermost West: the Blessed Realm of Valinor.
The new school building was blessed on September 24, 1949.
Dev Kaljayi also knew of their grievances, so one day he blessed them to have a great child.
Once one has begun to measure, one should say, "Blessed be the One who sends blessing into this heap."
Villages in Jobat area are now blessed with road connectivity.
The church is dedicated to "Mukthiamma" (Blessed Virgin Mary).
The school name was changed to Blessed Cardinal Newman in February 2011.
However, the Blessed Soul has not been considered one of Bernini's finest works in more recent times.
The south transept contains the church sacristy, with the north transept a chapel dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary.
The first story was built by Father Daniel Hall in 1932, blessed and inaugurated on April 10 of that year.
He wrote four episodes for the fifth season; "My Opening Farewell", "Surrender", "Blessed and Bewildered" and "Higher Calling".
Edessa thus became the blessed city by possessing the greatest pearl India could yield.
Philipson has been described as "one of those late Victorian gentleman amateurs quite indecently blessed by fortune".
The name is French for Elysian Fields, the place of the blessed dead in Greek mythology.
We get blessed and all our sins get cleared off watching and participating in the fair.
The 4th year sections are named after the titles of the Blessed Virgin Mother.
During the Vamana avatar, Lord Vishnu blessed him to be a Chiranjivi.
There's no question Rimes has been blessed with a magnificent voice.
This is an allegory for Nocturnal Adoration of the Blessed Sacrament.
Ironically, a Norfolk parochial school, Blessed Sacrament, had accepted its first black pupil in November 1953, even before Brown.
He kissed the blessed feet of Hadrat and exhaled 3 times, before coming down and leaving.
Theologians, therefore, generally hold that the heaven of the blessed is a special place with definite limits.
It also contains paintings by Biagio Miniera, and Nicola Monti (depicting the Blessed Beato Corrado).
Bukhari said on Facebook "Muslims who fight against the occupation of their lands are 'Mujahadeen' and are blessed by Allah.
The Blessed Virgin Mary, the mother of Jesus, has an important role in the spirituality of the Order.
As master, he was a proponent of popular preaching along the lines of the Congregation of the Blessed Sacrament.
The park is blessed with children's play area, green grounds and exotic plants.
So weep for the blessed, favoured by God, man of piety,supporter of right and guided with guidance.
Pleased by his devotion, Shiva appeared before him and blessed him.
Today this chapel holds the Blessed Sacrament and the Holy Cross of the Basilica.
The Christian "proof of strength" is "Belief makes blessed: thus it is true."
He also sees a procession of the blessed.
It was blessed on the 27th April 1948.
There died the blessed man Simon, doorkeeper of Qedar, brother of Thomas the priest.
In September 1973, the funeral for John Ford, Hollywood's most honored film director, was held at Blessed Sacrament.
Blessed is He that cometh in the name of the Lord.
Yellow stripe (sikyangpu): Sitala, many flowers, for when plant life is rejuvenated, the land is blessed with renewed spirits.
It was completed and blessed in 1850, and was at that time the largest church in Hyderabad State.
He succeeds in answering the questions, and is blessed with heavenly rewards.
God blessed him as a Wonderworker and he reposed in peace.
On his left the Blessed Virgin Mary and Saint Augustine were painted.
Satchidananda blessed Richard that he may "discover the treasure of his heart".
Despite his wandering mind, and his blindness, he gave a sense under it all of someone blessed or enlightened.
On 24 July 1926 the Archbishop of Brisbane Gerald Sharp blessed the granite foundation stone of Holy Trinity Church.
Also there is tomb of "Dadi Amma" where a stone exists that has been blessed by a spiritual leader.
Guru Nanak not only blessed Kempegowda but also advised him to develop the place.
Laban conceded that God had blessed him for Jacob's sake.
Archbishop Ferdenand Perier S.J. of Calcutta gave his consent and blessed the enterprise.
Perpetual adoration of the Blessed Sacrament is one of the pillars of their life.
Dean said: "I've been so blessed, and it makes me proud to give back, especially to my hometown."
And I marveled and blessed the Lord God for all the things which I saw.
The facilities were blessed by The Most Rev.
According to Reuben, "We've all been very blessed with the opportunity to work in an industry that we love.
The Church of Springfield is incarnated as a "blessed community of faith" with no "fences of creed."
The Lesser Blessed is a novel by Canadian writer Richard Van Camp, first published in 1996 by Douglas & McIntyre.
Linxia is blessed with both natural and cultural wonders.
Barakhel or Barakel ("blessed by El") was a king of Ammon in the 670s BCE.
Smitten by his beauty, Lichas takes Encolpius as his spouse in a wedding ceremony blessed by his wife, Tryphaena.
Thereupon he got water from a spring not far from the castle, and blessed the sick person with this water.
The amulets were blessed by himself and other respected monks in Thailand.
For instance, Saint Kateri Tekakwitha was especially honored in the United States and Canada during her time as Blessed.
Blessed Joachim Piccolomini was beatified by Pope Paul V on 21 March 1609.
He said in a 2002 interview that as a child he was "shy, bright, blessed.
Subsequently, Virgin dropped Anderson after the Blessed Burden album.
Church of the Visitation of the Blessed Virgin Mary is a church off NE 56 in O'Connor, Nebraska.
Betz notes that in Jesus' time blessed was a common way of describing someone who is wealthy.
Pope Paul V declared him blessed in 1609 and Pope Benedict XIII canonized him in 1726.
The dean and chapter are based at the Cathedral Church of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Truro.
Blessed John Paul II elevated it to a Vicariate Apostolic on 13 February 2001.
The Council of Ephesus condemned Nestorianism and affirmed the Blessed Virgin Mary to be Theotokos ("God-bearer" or "Mother of God").
Southwell's Of the Blessed Sacrament of the Altar, unpublishable in England, appeared in a broadsheet published at Douai in 1606.
Lieberman said about Louis' casting: "I will tell you, we are blessed.
We are so blessed to have such a man among us for so long."
His family was the main branch of Clan Akkaba as they were blessed with a strong dose of Apocalypse's bloodline.
The Egyptians set the coffin in the Nile so that its waters would be blessed.
Blessed Hope follows the basic subjects prescribed by the Philippine Department of Education in both the Elementary and Secondary levels.
Within a year he was blessed with a child.
Inspirational articles have appeared on Sister Annella Zervas, O.S.B., Blessed Theodore Romzha, Mother Agnes Hart, and Father Leo Heinrichs, O.F.M..
He designated the chapel Chapel of Divine Love, though the sisters referred to it simply as the Blessed Sacrament Chapel.
Blessed with a lithe, muscular physique and innate musicality, he quickly showed an aptitude for classical ballet.
Those who are affected, which by an overwhelming amount, are middle-to-older-aged women, are not born latah.
Currier, like Roberts, had a distinctive grandfatherly look as he aged and was respected and beloved by film audiences.
He died in Croydon, Surrey in 1903, aged 93.
He died on 8 May 2011, aged 92.
The Secret Diary of John Major Aged 47 and Three Quarters.
The Argonauts Club was open to Australian boys and girls aged from 7 to 17.
He died of lung cancer in Grimsby in 1960, aged 38.
Choirgirl aged 12 to sign record dealMateus, Joana, Associated Press (14 September 2010).
He died, aged 80, at Limpsfield, England.
The middle-aged Yakuza finds that his partner has stolen his boss's money to pay for an operation for his daughter.
On 27 October 2000 Basu, aged 86, was given permission by the CPI(M) leadership to resign as Chief Minister.
Aged 88, he died in Chichester, Sussex.
New York City Police Department detective Frank Thorn lives with aged friend and "book" (a police analyst) Solomon "Sol" Roth.
Following a fall at his home and a subsequent operation, Chapman died in 1961, aged 61.
Sherlaw's great-grandson, Andrew Montgomery, won the Crieff Soccer Centre Player of the Year award in 2008, aged seven.
He died aged 57 on 11 December 1950 after a series of strokes.
He died in Thanet, Kent aged 71.
On 2 August 1934, the aged President von Hindenberg died.
She died on 6 April 2014, aged 91.
He died in Claremont, California aged 82.
Johanna Beatrix died in Brno aged 51.
He died aged 76 and was buried in Middle Claydon in Buckinghamshire a week later.
He died aged 89, in the Hopital Pasteur in Paris.
He died on 20 January 2012, aged 77.
Griffith died of a heart attack on 25 June 2010, aged 63.
Putnam died of a stroke at Mercy Hospital in Springfield, Massachusetts on November 24, 1972, aged 78.
Como, appearing aged and unwell, had the flu during the show which took four hours to record.
She made her senior debut, aged 17, in a 3-0 win over Slovenia in August 2009.
The program was intended to provide the United States with temporary workers while many working-aged men were away at war.
Pupils at the school are aged between 13 and 18 years old.
Approximately 2.4 million adolescents aged 16 to 17 years worked in the U.S. in 2006.
His wife died in 1897, and Holmes died on 27 September 1901 aged 84.
Amongst them are Lance Corporal John Murdoch Dirom who was killed during preparations for Operation Overlord in 1944 aged 22.
It had mandatory membership for all male full-aged citizens of the Protectorate.
Gnarl, the aged Minion advisor from the previous games, is the main recurring character in Overlord II.
Quinton House School is a mixed independent school for children aged 2 to 18 years located in Upton, Northampton, England.
She died on March 5, 2015, in Williamsburg, Virginia, aged 98.
He was the eldest son of Francis Layton (died 23 August 1661, aged 84) of Rawdon, West Riding of Yorkshire.
She died in Sydney in 2008, aged 73.
He died at the Regional Medical Center in Spartanburg, South Carolina, aged 71.
He then become the youngest diocesan bishop in the Church of England, aged 48.
Porter died suddenly aged 78 at his Dublin home on 12 September 1944 of heart failure.
The same year, Sigismund betrothed Elizabeth to the Habsburg Duke Albert V of Austria, then aged 14.
Bishop Cahill died in office on 2 August 1910, aged 68.
He was ordained deacon by William Nicholson, the Bishop of Gloucester on 22 September 1667, aged 20.
Classen died on 29 September 2013, aged 85.
He started bowling aged 14 and made his international debut in 1965.
Austin, Lawson, Michael, and Will are four college-aged Christians who have grown up in the bubble of Christianity.
This made her the oldest ever major champion (aged 46 years, 8 months).
Together they win the fight, but the middle-aged, overweight Slaughter collapses from the effort.
He died at his residence in Upper Wimpole Street, London, 28 September 1831, aged 69.
The oldest was Servite Sister Aurora Lopez Gonzalez, was executed aged 86.
The Desmond Stakes is a Group 3 flat horse race in Ireland open to thoroughbreds aged three years or older.
He died unmarried on 20 October 1787, aged about 78.
Maxime Leconte, aged 21, had been living in London for a few months prior the show.
He enlisted as a soldier aged 15, and later led China's navy.
He died in Claremont in 1957, aged 91.
He ended his playing career aged-39 as a player-coach at Llantwit Major RFC as a Fly-half.
He was killed in action, aged 22, on August 7, 1942 at Gavutu, Solomon Islands, during the Battle of Guadalcanal.
He moved to Moscow aged 3yrs, after his father, a Soviet official, died.
As can be seen by the graph, the majority of people, 44 people, are aged between 45 and 54.
In 1982, aged 21, she won the 8th International Harp Contest in Israel.
Menadue's first wife Cynthia née Trowbridge died of cancer in 1984 aged 49.
It is known from the Callovian aged (Middle Jurassic) deposits of the Oxford clay formation of England.
He died in Graz, Styria, aged 73.
In 1805, aged 18, he moved to Batavia, New York with his parents.
She died in New York City in 2002, aged 83.
Aged eleven he lost his right eye in an accident.
He died on 5 April 1908 aged 74.
Auditions are open to school-aged boys, regardless of race, color, or creed.
Brody died in Valletta on 3 June 1995, aged 94.
Andrews died of cardiac arrest at his home in Encino, California, on January 27, 2007, aged 86.
Bouverie died on 19 May 1717, aged sixty, and was buried at St Catherine Cree.
Langley Hall Primary Academy opened in September 2011 for children aged 4 to 11.
Ian Bedford, aged seventeen, made his debut and took twelve wickets in his first two matches.
She died at 10 p.m. on February 14, 1971, aged 59, at her Miami Beach home.
They honour outstanding achievement by young people aged between 11 and 20.
The wine must have a minimum alcohol level of 16% and be aged for at least 3 years.
Boardman was born on November 7, 1893, in Brooklyn and ordained a parish priest on May 21, 1921, aged 27.
He died in January 2003, aged 80.
In 1823, now aged 30, he additionally gained the appointment of astronomer at the Armagh observatory.
He died in 2007 in Leigh, in Dorset, aged 98.
Wiebe died on April 16, 2007, aged 70, from lung cancer.
He was aged 21, the youngest candidate in the country.
It provides a non-auditioning classical music provider for young people aged ten to 19.
Kellaway died on 13 April 1933, aged 62, and is buried in St Mary's Churchyard, Tatsfield, Surrey.
He died in August 1847, aged 65, and was succeeded in the barony by his eldest son, Denis.
He was first arrested aged 14, and in 1973 he was again arrested and interned in Long Kesh until 1974.
Kelly died aged 88 in New York.
Wilfred Fienburgh represented his constituency until his death in a car crash in 1958, aged 38.
Eddie Constantine died of a heart attack on February 25, 1993, aged 75.
It is also possible to implement a flat frequency response attenuator.
Guerrero's death due to his drug addictions caused WWE to implement WWE Wellness Policy to prevent wrestlers from taking drugs.
Using tunnel mode capability, firewall can be used to implement VPNs.
It would appear that the technology of the era was not able to implement this technique as well as required.
West Manheim Elementary School received $5,095 to implement a Fitness Fundamentals program.
In November 2008, the EU accepted the demand of Serbia not to implement the plan of Ahtisaari through EULEX.
The objective is to implement an Algorithmic Skeleton-based parallel version of the QuickSort algorithm using the Divide and Conquer pattern.
NIMH (National Institute of Mental Health) continued to implement recommendations issued by these Workgroups.
Along with his father, he operated George Dow and Sons Mill, and later the Cockshutt farm implement business.
If using the clone() inherited from Object, the class must implement the Cloneable interface to allow cloning.
Dr. Peter Kelmer, an egotisical cosmetic surgeon, shares an unpleasant marriage to Valerie, a recovering drug addict.
He went on to comment that the novel only "offers the frustrated Bond addict.
The next two episodes follow Kellerman as he attempts to befriend Sara, identifying himself as a drug addict named "Lance".
Michaela overdoses and her family begin to believe she is a drug addict.
Tibbs denied that he had been hosting members of the Gestapo, praised Hitler or called Churchill a drug addict.
It can also happen in such cases the father of the child has been serious smoker, alcohol or drug addict."
He has no facial expressions and seems to enjoy antagonizing her, calling her "battle addict" or "fighting chicken."
The man who interrogates him is the same cocaine addict.
Because of the scandal surrounding the film's release, Schneider became a drug addict and suicidal.
While the addict has his way with the burglar, Deanna leaves and goes to Trevor's apartment.
Further north, Long Island also suffered moderate to strong winds, blowing from the north at their peak.
Usually in full march form, this difficulty requires moderate technique and endurance skills.
The damage to Tennessee was light but the War Hawk sustained moderate damage near the bow.
In theology he was a moderate liberal.
Henry Collen made a fairly moderate living as a portrait painter in London in the mid-19th century.
It alterned moderate social reforms with repression of the social movements.
Mild to moderate earthquakes have been reported to originate at the fault.
Rolf K. Nilsson (born 1956) is a Swedish Moderate Party politician and a member of the Riksdag since 2006.
This weakened the joint to the point that the neck could break after only moderate handling.
The reactions were mild to moderate in severity; 2% of people had severe reactions and these were generally cellulitis.
Such a grace-filled perspective has challenged some Adventists who articulate Last Generation Theology within Adventism.
Perhaps the first to articulate this notion was an European emigre who remains in undeserved obscurity.
Rhynchonelliformea is the name now given to the articulate brachiopods, Class Articulata, revised as a subphylum.
Blair has been noted as a charismatic, articulate speaker with an informal style.
Lundy's skillful use of materials and voids between blocks articulate the units.
She was really articulate and string; there's so much power in songs like 'Jigsaw Feeling'.
Willkie had first come to public attention as an articulate critic of Roosevelt's attempt to break up electrical power monopolies.
These philosophers had begun to articulate the physical symbol system hypothesis that would become the guiding faith of AI research.
New political fault lines were emerging as the party leaders tried to define and articulate their political agendas in Kabul.
The katarista movement began to articulate itself publicly in the early 1970s, recovering a political identity of the Aymara people.
Most versions of Burow's solution can be used as a soak or compress.
Different mechanisms have been used to compress or expand the monolayers throughout the development of the LB trough.
Alternatively, a stationary or on-board compressor can compress air on demand, possibly requiring several hours.
As liquids are nearly impossible to compress, a hydraulic actuator can exert a large force.
The Americans began to compress the pocket while subjecting it to constant bombardment by artillery, mortars, and aircraft.
It can compress and decompress SIP messages using SigComp, which reduces the round-trip over slow radio links.
You then must compress the hydrogen and store it under high pressure in tanks, which uses more energy.
Fluid compression is negligible, while the tissue surrounding the organs of these animals will compress.
An individual can choose not to compress already compressed filenames based on their suffix as well.
An electric motor drives an anvil to compress a tablet at a constant rate.
To keep the chocolate extract in suspension and make the liqueur thicker, glycerine may be added.
Major industries include the canning, juicing and extract of citrus fruit and other produce.
Hydrogenation and thermal dissolution (reactive fluid processes) extract the oil using hydrogen donors, solvents, or a combination of these.
Clef-back antelopes are ruminants, so they have four-compartmented stomachs through which their food passes to extract its maximum nutritional content.
In the synoptic scale interpretation, the user can extract the wind at different levels over the radar coverage region.
The skydiver may attempt to extract the pilot chute or clear the entanglement.
The 50% inhibitory concentration (LD₅₀) of the extract against Entamoeba histolytica was 33 µg/mL.
An extract from the boiled bark has been used to flavour tea.
It may highly reduce the country's ability to extract financial resources on international basis.
It is Malt extract medium modified by the addition of Yeast extract and peptone.
He has contributed regularly to the Times Educational Supplement.
Tusk shells live in seafloor sediment, feeding on microscopic organisms; some supplement their diet of zooplankton with vegetable matter.
It was published as a quarterly supplement in Xtra!
Gray wrote a Supplement to the Pharmacopoeia, published in 1818 with several subsequent editions.
The book uses developer interviews to tell the era's story so as to supplement rather than reproduce the film's narrative.
Fruits such as mangos, oranges, nance, grow seasonally along with cacao, all of which supplement the Guaymi diet.
The final installment for November 1928 appeared as a supplement to The Bookman.
Arden Academy suggested that students read the series in order to supplement their geography coursework.
Spirulina is also a rich source and can serve as a dietary supplement.
The 1934 edition included 6,900 roots, while Waringhien's supplement added an extra 966.
He debuted in 1999 as a director, screenwriter and producer with the intimate love story Lovers.
He is sixty-five years old and has an intimate relationship with a human-like android named Mikiko.
For the next six years, Keckley became an intimate witness to the private life of the First Family.
Housed here during 1946 - 1948 was an intimate theatre.
Discussing the filming, Whitehall said that the set was "definitely the most intimate location I have ever been on.
Their relationship developed quickly, with a few off-hand comments suggesting that they shared the same bed and were sexually intimate.
Contestants could earn £1/19s/11d by sharing "their intimate secrets."
He was also with intimate relation with famous writer Bozena Nemcova.
She came in intimate contact with Mahapurush Maharaj or Swami Shivananda, a direct disciple of Sri Ramakrishna.
City and Colour began performing in small intimate venues while Alexisonfire disappeared for some time.
On 29 September 1990, Lim was the head surgeon for Singapore's first liver transplant.
The first successful uterine transplant took place in Turkey in 2011.
Another hopeful use for the research is in the area of transplant research.
He decides to take out his heart and transplant it into him after he was diagnosed with a weak one.
Later in life, he raised money for research into liver diseases after having a liver transplant.
The Declaration of Istanbul distinguishes between ethically problematic "transplant tourism" and "travel for transplantation".
The only curative treatment for CML is a bone marrow transplant or an allogeneic stem cell transplant.
Should we legalize the sale of organs, such as kidneys, to save the lives of transplant patients?
Accordingly, plans for transfer to a transplant center should begin in patients with any abnormal mentation.
Its original meaning was literal: digging around the roots of a tree, to prepare it for a transplant.
With every physical rotation R, we postulate a quantum mechanical rotation operator D(R) which rotates quantum mechanical states.
The main postulate of MARS was honestly and artistically describe that time epoch.
The segment addition postulate is often useful in proving results on the congruence of segments.
Some suggest a genetic predisposition to the disease, while others postulate an abnormal immune response to a virus.
The describers postulate that R. orarius and R. jubatus were lowland and highland forms, respectively.
Bertrand's postulate was proposed for applications to permutation groups.
However, until today, others continued the attempts to derive special relativity without the light postulate.
Eventually it was realized that this postulate may not be provable from the other four.
It is obviously no solution to postulate something even more improbable".
Two closely related models postulate that mirror neurons are trained through Hebbian or Associative learning (see Associative Sequence Learning).
Gephi can also import data to social networks also Facebook or Twitter and generate a graph and clusters.
As a CD, this album is currently only available as an import from Canada and Japan.
Import scene /JDM: Japanese Scene that uses Japanese vehicles, aftermarket parts and Race details.
The textile industry now has representation in the Export-Import Bank Advisory Committee.
During the final phase of French colonial interests in North America, St. Esprit was a fishing enclave of moderate import.
Ningbo is a growing economic port which provides import and export routes for neighboring provincial cities.
Ford responded by asking the U.S. government to place import quotas on Japanese cars.
Both the Harwell-Boeing and Matrix Market formats are supported to import and export user data.
Civilians Cannot import or order Airsoft Weapons, only weapon stores can import them as Air Guns.
The degree of "knock-down" depends on the desires and technical abilities of the receiving organization, or on government import regulations.
It is said that every Shia clerical family of note in Iraq had tales of torture and murder to recount.
This result was subject to a recount and litigation before ultimately being upheld by the courts in February 2005.
After the certification, Obenshain requested a recount, which began on December 16.
On 11 December, in an unprecedented decision the Constitutional Court decided to recount all 138,476 invalid votes.
Audiovisual materials and multimedia charts recount the history of the bridge's construction.
The result of the recount would be used as evidences in the lawsuits.
After the election, Moehau requested a recount, which took place.
Wanggaard had until 5 p.m. on June 15 to request a recount.
Always ready to welcome visitors, despite his frailty, he would recount his prison experiences without bitterness.
Bennett was subsequently declared the winner after a judicial recount.
The Research Diagnostic Criteria (RDC/TMD) allows for multiple diagnoses in an attempt to overcome the problems with other classifications.
They can show the cortical destruction of advanced osteomyelitis, but can miss nascent or indolent diagnoses.
81% of 439 individuals had been subjected to surgeries due to their intersex diagnoses.
The diagnoses that gave the actor a respite from the army, were cancelled.
The original clinical scales were designed to measure common diagnoses of the era.
Richard collapses, and Mr Woodcourt diagnoses him as being in the last stages of tuberculosis.
His patients credited him for his clinical acumen in making complex diagnoses such as the rib tip syndrome.
Villena diagnoses it as the sign of a refined hermit trying to hide his hyper-sensitivity and repressed desire for love.
Subsequent cases throughout the 20th century reflect advancements in diagnoses of both hearing loss and stroke.
To exclude other differential diagnoses, a skin biopsy may be taken.
Andrzej Tarlecki: Quasi-varieties in abstract algebraic institutions.
Over time, the Egyptians developed more abstract perspectives on the creation process.
He sought to express his sense of heritage in abstract painting.
There are parts that are almost completely abstract, and there are parts that are little bit more live-action."
In the late 1970s she began working in more abstract performance and visual art.
He spent his leisure time at the national museum, drawing and studying the basic principles of abstract and minimalist art.
BIND is based on a data specification written using Abstract Syntax Notation 1 (ASN.1) language.
The personal style he developed during this time, using simplified forms, became increasingly more abstract.
Camelot was featured in Abstract Games magazine in 2001 and 2002.
Group theory is an abstract way of mathematically analyzing symmetries.
As Frontier Fiesta grew it eventually evolved into what we know today as the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo.
He bucked at the inaugural National Western Stock Show and Rodeo in 1931.
Chilean rodeo is different from the rodeo found in North America.
Since then, other organizations are seeking a ban on Chilean rodeo.
Midway through 1995, the Rodeo received an updated dashboard and steering wheel, both of which added airbags.
He was the 1985, 1986 and 1987 Professional Rodeo Cowboys Association (PRCA) All-Around Cowboy.
Teresa Trull met Barbara Higbie at a rodeo in Reno, Nevada in July 1982.
Goat tying is a rodeo event that is typically seen in youth, high school and college rodeos.
It features a ghost-rodeo, space-travel, feminine beauty, psychedelic felines, art and enlightenment from the far reaches of Austin, TX.
Rodeo fairs occur annually including the Star of Texas Fair and Rodeo and the Burnet Rodeo.
Oxygen is less able to diffuse into the blood, leading to hypoxia.
Also carried in the payload bay was the Diffuse X-Ray Spectrometer (DXS).
Forewing: paling to whitish on the apex, with the black markings as on the upperside but somewhat blurred and diffuse.
The outer line is pale and diffuse.
The term "diffuse" has been called a misnomer, since injury is often actually multifocal, with multiple locations of injury.
In a few months these pioneers built a highly diffuse underground network.
In 2011, diffuse white plumes were seen rising from Anak Ranakah Dome, although no ash was detected.
The higher the diffusivity (of one substance with respect to another), the faster they diffuse into each other.
He called on members to seek to diffuse proper Italian fascist ideas wherever they were living.
The third term corrects for the diffuse functions.
As far as year-round climate, it's perfect, but there's no real change.
It is a praise of the good wife, a definition of a perfect wife or "ideal woman" in Judaism.
There was, however, no consensus among the Greeks as to which numbers were "perfect" or why.
The perfect and the augmented unison are also known as perfect and augmented prime.
Bulgaria joined the European Union in 2007, its compliance with human rights norms, however, is far from perfect.
This theoretically perfect magnetometer is now functional and so can begin to make measurements.
Williamson's surprising run for gold came to a crash, as Park continued to be nearly perfect.
Alternative/indie rock bands the Perfect Name and Northside both hail from Moston.
Perfect World has released a self-titled album that was released in 2003 on the Frontiers Records label.
Here, Infiltration beat Fuudo, delivering three perfect rounds.
Another result of the increase in foreign travel is the growth of trade between nations.
Night markets can increase profitability and often bring secondary type of consumers that are different from the daytime consumers.
The net result seems to have been an increase, not decrease, in TBI.
As a result, he was able to increase membership from 537, to 4,500, by 1906.
In an effort to increase circulation of the magazine, he purchased the St. Albert Gazette from Ronald Harvey in 1966.
Overstocked stands of trees increase the risk of catastrophic wildfires and damage due to insects, disease, and drought.
Cinobufagin has been shown to increase pain threshold levels in mice to thermal and mechanical stimuli.
These farmers are experiencing a 123% increase of maize their yields on average.
It was an increase of 6.3 percent from the 2000 census.
Adams said that donations remain stable except during a new version update, where there is a sudden increase.
This also gives buyers access to a variety of discount schemes offered by Trenitalia.
Discount items can include clothing, toys, flowers, and gifts.
In March 2011, the Swiss discount supermarket, Denner, won a court battle with Nestlé over the sale of Nespresso-compatible capsules.
Discount passes are available for grade school and higher education students.
The government also sold a major part of its stock in Discount bank in 2006, and of Leumi in 2005.
This is appealing to buyers because the credit is sold at a discount from face value.
The accretion expense amounts to a change in the liability due to time and the discount rate applied.
Wuhan Tong cardholders will receive a 20 percent discount on single ride fares.
Many of these businesses are owned by immigrants and include restaurants, discount clothing stores, and automotive repair shops.
The discount described as trade rate discount is sometimes called "trade discount".
As the group leaves the Hilltop, Jesus (Tom Payne) proposes to visit and introduce them to King Ezekiel (Khary Payton).
Jesus warned that the Pharisees were defiling others by their hypocrisy, misplaced priorities, and selfish ambition.
There is speculation that this references the hymn "Oh, Jesus Is My Air-o-plane", recorded in 1930.
In John 8:58 Jesus says: "Before Abraham was born, I am."
Constantine the Great applied it for the tomb of Jesus at the Anastasis in Jerusalem (ca.
Jesus had predicted his resurrection and returning to Galilee during the Last Supper in Mark.
Jesus of Nazareth is the Messiah and has promised to return to Jerusalem, to Israel and to the world.
In June 1990, Jesus Jones appeared at the Glastonbury Festival.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) rejects the doctrine of predestination, but does believe in foreordination.
Jesus took his patient out of town, put some spittle on his eyes, and laid hands on him.
In algebra, a conjugate is a binomial formed by negating the second term of a binomial.
This yields the conjugate base (stabilized by resonance structures) and thiocyanic acid.
The conjugate partition can be determined by a Ferrers diagram.
The English sing uses ablaut to conjugate to sang in the past tense and sung as the past participle.
Conversely, every 2-subnormal subgroup (that is, a subgroup that is a normal subgroup of a normal subgroup) is conjugate-permutable.
The pressure-volume conjugate pair is concerned with the transfer of mechanical or dynamic energy as the result of work.
The line joining two self-conjugate points cannot be a self-conjugate line.
The sacral angle is the angle formed by the true conjugate with the two pieces of sacrum.
In fact, it is true that for a finite group:Every maximal conjugate-permutable subgroup is normal.
The acid and conjugate base as well as the base and conjugate acid are known as conjugate pairs.
The pasty products are moved with the aid of a vane cell feed system under a vacuum.
According to the earliest Cornish recipe book, published in 1929, this is "the true Cornish way" to eat a pasty.
Mr. Pastie ("PASS-tee") is a brand name pasty, a meat-and-potato turnover product.
The pasty was estimated to cost £7,000 and contain 1.75 million calories.
Pasty varieties include chicken, venison, pork, hamburger, and pizza.
The swede is also one of the four traditional ingredients of the pasty originating in Cornwall.
Indeed, the earliest recorded pasty recipes include venison, not beef.
For example, a giant pasty is paraded from Polruan to Fowey through the streets during regatta week.
Small intestine is called zhufenchang, literally "pig powder intestine" because it contains a white, pasty or powdery substance.
The person may ask the authority for the document in person or in writing.
This document reports on New York's claim to this meeting taking place as having no documentary support.
For example, a 1951 document mentions meetings between people representing the company and government officials.
The document is kept by family's head, 'ketua RT' (head of neighborhood association) and 'desa' or 'kelurahan' office.
These eight students, through the initiative of NFB, have been selected to document this pivotal year of their lives.
Ford was the "center of attention", and the resulting document known as the "Palmdale statement".
Through its formatting and structure, asemic writing may suggest a type of document and, thereby, suggest a meaning.
The arrival of SGML/XML as the document model made other typesetting engines popular.
The document included commentary about his reporting and interview style being "tricky" and "sensational.
The template is resampled from this frame and the tracking continues until the template reaches the edge of the document.
There were no reported casualties and she sustained minor damages to the bow.
The trams used a mixture of bow collectors and trolley poles.
Sometimes arm protection was removed so that a rider could draw their bow.
It has been long thought that a bow shock was present around the heliosphere of our solar system.
He previously topped the chart in 2006 as a featured artist on Bow Wow's "Shortie Like Mine".
Rama snatches the bow of Vishnu, strings it, places an arrow and points it straight at the challenger's heart.
The gaunt honesty of those projecting concrete frames carrying boxed-out bow windows persists.
There are also two 7.62 mm PKT machine guns in fixed mounts, one in each corner of the bow.
The SSK conversion included remodeling Cavalla's bow with addition of a curved bow adapted to mount a BQR-4 sonar system.
Charr fired two more torpedoes, one of which broke off Isuzu's bow.
While unofficial, this is believed by many to be a national record.
Morning Runner were soon making waves, with the band signing to Manchester independent record label Faith & Hope in 2001.
Pierrefonds Airport on Réunion recorded just 18 mm (0.71 in) of rainfall from November to January, a record minimum.
As a record producer, he captured the work of dozens of legendary jazz innovators.
It is credited as being the wettest place on Earth, but nearby Mawsynram currently holds that record.
The game occurred before a record crowd of 63,442 at Doak Campbell Stadium.
They were active between the wars and built several of the famous land speed record breaking cars of the day.
In a four-season career, Costello posted an 11-6 record with a 2.97 ERA and four saves in 119 games pitched.
His final UK chart record was "Better Get Ready For Love" which reached #53 in May 1974.
At the end of his career, he held the Hurricanes' record for career touchdowns with 33.
Both were considered suspect by ideological conservatives within the Republican Party.
As a whole the system began to break down, the loyalty of the Jannissaries became increasingly suspect.
Susan Parker was loosely based upon Helen Mirren's character in Prime Suspect.
Candy begins to suspect Patrick is the killer.
Police identified a suspect in the killing, her boyfriend at the time : Zhang Long from the city of Dalian.
When her father become the prime suspect, Sasha decides to confess that she killed Stu.
Jury acquitted a Buinaksk suspect again, Lenta.Ru, 2006 November 13.
Rex's wife Adele is the main suspect in the murder.
However, the Commonwealth Government maintained that the treaty only applies after a suspect is charged.
He was consumed with the murders of Jack the Ripper and even became a suspect.
The title is a play on the Desert Rats.
They are in the Mojave Desert east of Lanfair Valley near the Colorado River and Nevada border.
Now on foot, they walk through the desert.
She was the executive producer of movies such as Frauds, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert and Paws.
Fallon's climate is typical of lower elevations in the western part of the Great Basin desert.
In 1935, he accompanied an expedition to Australia's Great Sandy Desert to search for the ruins of a primordial civilization.
Edwards Air Force Base, California Detachment 5 is located in the Mojave Desert 100 miles north of Los Angeles.
Some mountain ranges rise up from the desert and receive more rainfall and cooler temperatures.
They are distantly related to the Princes of the Desert and hold the White Crown of the Desert, the selej.
Duroville is the nickname for the former Desert Mobile Home Park located in Thermal, California.
This can be compared to less than 0.5 % defect rate on normal bottles.
Achieving pure stoichiometric compounds, and crystals with low defect density has proved difficult.
Ambenonium is used to treat muscle weakness due to disease or defect of the neuromuscular junction (myasthenia gravis).
Natural history of secundum atrial septal defect in adults after medical or surgical treatment: a historical prospective study.
If the entire population plays Tit-for-Tat and a mutant arises who plays Always Defect, Tit-for-Tat will outperform Always Defect.
The complete elimination of film stress reduces the defect densities of the epi-InGaAs layer compared to straight GaAs.
Again, since there is no imperfection in God, every concept of defect, privation, and limitation must be negated of God.
Generally, normal development was seen in mice with an ID3 knockout, but they did have a defect in B-cell proliferation.
An excess of fusel oils in whisky is considered a defect.
In 2010, Sigma recalled some lenses due to a "potential autofocus defect".
Similarly easy to the insert operation, Remove() uses the Meld operation to eliminate the root node from the heap.
This is also the place to insert the run-time dependence check.
By default, this column is emptyWhen making a citizenship, a special insert is issued to the birth certificate.
Typically the eraser is a pen-shaped device with a replaceable insert with glass fibres, which wear down in use.
The insert arrangements are provided in the specification.
He interrupted Bruce Prichard and Lashley in an attempt to insert himself into the TNA World Heavyweight Championship picture.
Otherwise, insert the item that has no contextual specification.
It may be a simple matter to insert an appropriate recoil reducing device into such an opening.
Other waveguide filter types include dielectric resonator filters, insert filters, finline filters, corrugated-waveguide filters, and stub filters.
Delete 'Common Purpose' throughout and insert 'Jew', 'Etonian' or 'Freemason' and you'd rightly feel uneasy."
This would allow the paving equipment to pave the banking without slipping or rolling down the incline.
Nearing the end, the incline returns to normal, bringing hikers back to the bridge area.
In 1864 the Diffwys Incline was laid, connecting the quarry with the Ffestiniog Railway's Duffws terminus in Blaenau Ffestiniog.
On 3 October 1859, the boiler of a locomotive exploded at Falmer Incline.
Around 1908, he started composing his own music, and at the same time he began to incline to cabaret activities.
Eventually it was decided that the incline could be worked by a system of ' banking engines'.
The incline ended at the top of the hill, along Meadville Street.
This was constructed beside the original exit incline to Cwm Orthin.
The ground's incline is so gradual that guests do not realize they are ascending to the second and third stories.
The maximum incline is 6% but there is no rack-and-pinion used.
Their careers reveal the public acceptance of female management and authority within the confines of the tavern.
Secretive and cautious, the blue duiker confines itself to the forest fringes.
He founded the city of Rhinocolura on the confines of Egypt and Syria, and was succeeded by Mendes, an Egyptian.
Jarvis confines Jamie and the Doctor to the sickbay.
It assists in the circulation of blood and protects and confines the visceral organs.
She wears a red flat hat over a small cap or caul that confines her hair.
The minister confines these problems to Lara, a member of the security forces.
This suggests the Van Allen belt confines antiparticles produced by the interaction of the Earth's upper atmosphere with cosmic rays.
Aerial photographs as early at the middle 1950s showed circular crop marks within the confines of the hill fort.
Also, time itself passes much differently within the confines of the Marvel Universe than it does in the real world.
AlMughtaribeen University (formally shorted to MU) or Expatriate University (Arabic:جامعة المغتربين) is a private university located in Khartoum, Sudan.
Migrant writers include South African-born Robin Hyde; expatriate writers like Dan Davin and Katherine Mansfield often wrote about the country.
Frances is now an advocate and supporter of the expatriate acting community via grassroots group "Expat Entertainers ROK".
He dismissed two senior national executives, as well as the expatriate general manager.
An international school exists to serve the community of expatriate residents of Porto Montenegro.
The vast majority are Anglican and use Anglican churches in the Kyrenia area along with the island's British expatriate community.
Nostromo is an Italian expatriate who has risen to his position through his bravery and daring exploits.
Whistler was not so successful a portrait painter as the other famous expatriate American John Singer Sargent.
He flies to the Amazonian city of Iquitos, where he meets with an American expatriate named Alan Shoemaker.
While Dworkin was living in Amsterdam in the Netherlands, she met Ricki Abrams, a prostitute and a fellow expatriate.
The secretion of insulin and the body's response to insulin decrease by 30%.
Rates of polygynous marriages decrease as education level and wealth level increase.
It can estimate the energy at highest and lowest discharge rate to decrease the error.
The process is induced by a decrease in oxygen partial pressure in blood.
It is helpful to associate changing electric currents with a build-up or decrease of magnetic field energy.
Interestingly, the decrease in labor involvement of teenage children was correlated to higher rates of high school graduation.
The population was 99 at the 2000 census and 81 at the 2010 census showing a decrease of 18.
Women's earnings in family income decrease as men's incomes increase.
Change in storage space2.1 The decrease in space used to serve a value, when library systems are employed.
Reducing salt, sugar and fat, for the purpose of public health, had the potential to decrease palatability and profitability.
Traditionally, the Benzoin resin and resin obtained from the Commiphora wightii tree were used as incense in ancient India.
Currently, more effective pyrethroid-based mosquito repellent incense is widely available in Asia.
Another tradition developed that gold represented virtue, incense prayer, and myrrh suffering.
The tree is known as halmaddi in India, where its resin, also called halmaddi, may be used in incense.
It wafts of the incense of scholarship for its own sake.
All buildings had stucco floors and stone furnaces, probably used for cooking, burning incense or as room heating stoves.
Incense is believed to have physiological and psychological benefits.
He set up tables with incense and candles on a street corner as offerings to the book.
The method included cutting a set length of thick incense bars and manually winding them.
Tibetan incense refers to a common style of incense found in Tibet, Nepal, and Bhutan.
He can construct and operate devices to view and traverse the timestream and alternate dimensions.
Throughout the film, these two realities are intermixed to produce an alternate reality.
Wang is an alternate member of the 18th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China.
On the 2012 compilation Cavaliers: An Anthology 1973-1974, an alternate mix of "Mr. Soft" appeared on disc three.
This issue was never addressed by the Russians; none of their Ilyushins of all types had installed alternate controls.
Within the Funkstown Historic District, the alternate route turns east onto Baltimore Street, then southeast onto Frederick Street.
Brady portrays both the prime and alternate versions.
An alternate routing turning north on Eliot towards Woodhaven Boulevard never operated.
In 2123, a triumphant Rico from an alternate universe was part of a pan-dimensional invasion of the regular Mega-City One.
He was an alternate for the Republic of Georgia at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Rogge also was a frequent presenter at the seminars of the Foundation for Economic Education (FEE).
The hottentot is a frequent host of the parasitic isopod Anilocra capensis.
It is developed in various keys, with frequent modulations into the minor and to other remote keys.
It stars Tisa Farrow, Ian McCulloch and Richard Johnson, and featured a score by frequent Fulci collaborator Fabio Frizzi.
McGathy became a frequent guest and "comptroller" on the Harmontown podcast.
Sonia Grande, another frequent collaborator, was responsible for the film's costume design.
Not just domestic tourists but foreign tourists too frequent the 1,250-square-metre (13,500 sq ft) lot by the shore.
His articles have been published around the world and is a frequent speaker at a variety of conferences.
His popularity grew with his frequent appearances on CBS-TV's The Ed Sullivan Show in the 1950s and 1960s.
He made frequent appearances on The Tonight Show.
His first freelance job was to animate deaths for Gorilla 2: The Return, the sequel to Gorillas.
The Motion Capture, aka MoCap, allows users to motion track and animate their 3D characters easily.
Gould/SEL computers were used to animate the opening sequence for Steven Spielberg's television series "Amazing Stories".
Algonquian nouns have an animate/inanimate contrast: some nouns are classed as animate, while all other nouns are inanimate.
After viewing Duncan's online portfolio, LaPlegua quickly asked Duncan to animate the video.
It can also animate these plots using up to 23 variables and their corresponding sliders.
They no longer have to animate "blind".
It doesn't exist unless I animate it."
The film was created traditionally, with computer-generated imagery used to animate the title character and other effects.
As night falls, the bombardment continues, forestalling progress.
The Zephyr computer system monitors the progress of the United Kingdom's only spy satellite.
An emotional affair may emerge from a friendship, and progress toward greater levels of personal intimacy and attachment.
What I work on changes irregularly and unpredictably with the progress of theory and knowledge.
After the safety car, the remaining favourites that had started from the back continued to make progress.
Conversations with these characters may yield insights or items necessary to progress in the game.
The organisation provided a safe haven for them to progress out of poverty.
There is, unfortunately, an emergency in progress.
The Committee of Union and Progress took the reins of the Ottoman government through a coup d'état in 1913.
Christian Tybring-Gjedde (born 8 August 1963) is a Norwegian politician for the Progress Party, and former senior civil servant.
It has the characteristic of having a mouth pointed upward.
The Rangers then returned to Fort Frederick at the mouth of the St. John River with the prisoners.
The elevation near the mouth of Utley Brook is 732 feet (223 m) above sea level.
Michelle then gives Edith a pill, which she will take to foam around her mouth.
Below the mouth of the Little River in Poinsett County, Arkansas, the St. Francis is navigable by barge.
The elevation near the mouth of West Creek is 735 feet (224 m) above sea level.
It has a mouth located on its underside, which is surrounded by five teeth.
Dentition pertains to the development of teeth and their arrangement in the mouth.
Symptoms include bloody diarrhea, excessive salivation, colic, and severe blistering of the mouth, mucous membranes and gastrointestinal tract.
Closer to the mouth water earwort (Scapania undulata), feather moss and bulbous rush (Juncus bulbosus) are also found.
As examples, Enterprise PL/I, XL C, and the z/OS Java BigDecimal class can exploit hardware decimal floating point.
Attempts to exploit these fungi as biological control agents against agriculturally harmful nematodes have generally been unsuccessful.
People exploit the DUFF to get to the popular people.
The symbolism of terrorism can exploit human fear to help achieve these goals.
In 1841 Richard Lewis joined Coffin in trying to exploit the region with his level built at Cymmer.
Shajar grew up in poverty and soon learnt to exploit her dazzling beauty in exchange for power and wealth.
Many specialized dienes have been developed to exploit this reactivity for the synthesis of natural products (e.g., Danishefsky's diene).
The second version of the exploit, called Ninjhax 2, works on system versions 9.0 and above.
The engine was designed to exploit a perceived "loophole" that existed in USAC's rulebook since 1991.
They are clever in political affairs and exploit human principles on an intellectual level.
The moped surfaced as that alternative reaching over 100 mpg.
In 1970 Simson introduced a bicycle-style, pedal-start moped, the 50cc, 1.6 bhp SL 1 Mofa.
Hero Motors is a former moped and scooter manufacturer based in Delhi, India.
Anyone born before 1985 may drive a moped.
Distinguishing features include a birthmark shaped like a moped.
In the late 1960s these "Raleigh" mopeds accounted for 38% of UK moped sales.
Pedestrians, cyclists, and moped riders are not allowed in the tunnel and must travel by bus.
For example, the Western Scheldt Tunnel is not accessible for pedestrians, cyclists or moped riders.
The moped was often referred to as verpleegstersbrommer (nurse moped), as the model was mostly used by nurses.
Together, they deliberate on how services are delivered and pertinent human rights issues.
Lippmann's prescription in Drift and Mastery was deliberate and scientific governing, what he termed mastery.
He offers deliberate insults to Daniel Carpenter and offers to fight the young man.
The Squadron saw combat action in Operation Deliberate Force, Operation Deny Flight and Operation Decisive Endeavor.
It is therefore a deliberate attempt to sustain the society and culture that had been established at Khami.
Miller found it "disheartening" that Sandburg would try such a thing, unaware that this was a deliberate arrangement with Hollywood.
Homicide was noted for its deliberate lack of gun-play and car chases in favor of dialogue and story.
One of his aphorisms was "unscrewing the inscrutable" to describe a deliberate and careful thought process on complex matters.
This was left as a deliberate clue.
This deliberate act of concealing or destroying the victim's body is known colloquially as lupara bianca.
Elderkin absconded with his clients' money, and left Angel to refund them.
In 2011, the Penn State University theatre group, No Refund Theatre, produced a stage adaptation of The Twilight Zone.
Effective from 1973, vacant properties could only enjoy a 50% refund of the rates.
Henry said that he would not issue a refund but that he would repair the vehicle.
After delays of 180 days, BC Ferries could rescind the contract for a full refund.
The remaining cars were immediately sent back, with a demand to refund the money spent.
Reacher forces Rutter to refund the Hobies' money.
Users with current shareware registrations were offered a partial refund or the option to donate it to Cancer Research UK.
The entire audience was allowed to attend the following night's show, although those who couldn't attend were given a refund.
To resolve the matter, the concessionaires were given a fractional refund of the rent they had paid.
In the 1960s, he was the largest licensed produce buying agent of groundnut in Nigeria.
This practice originates from the belief the person's dead spirit may need to produce payment into the spirit realm.
In the fall of 2000, Romp.com signed a development deal with Mandalay Sports Entertainment to produce reality game shows.
The extreme astrophysical event of a supernova can produce enough energy to fuse nuclei into elements heavier than iron.
They also announced that they will produce some songs for Christina Aguilera.
While opioids can produce unconsciousness, they do so unreliably and with significant side effects.
Aquaculture has been identified as a critical industry, due to the popularity of its produce and the declining yields world-wide.
In 1993 Donruss acquired the rights to produce hockey cards.
Marshall Gardiner would produce the same type of images in Florida, Bermuda and Nantucket.
Actress/director Delpy re-teamed with Polaris Film to produce the "atypical sequel."
Morphology and Galaxy Content", The Astrophysical Journal, 736 (1): 51, arXiv:1105.1632, Bibcode:2011ApJ.
Eventually, this causes him to revert to his original personality and become content with who he is.
This reduces the moisture content by 5% and prevents the pieces from sticking and flattening.
Not content with their own lands, they've come to steal mine!
However, in philosophy the term "primitive notion" has historical content.
The whole refined cheese must have less than 50% of dry-matter content.
Fresh growth of grass is sometimes high in prussic acid content and can cause poisoning of grazing livestock.
The starchy crop with highest energy content per acre is cassava, which grows in tropical countries.
Kim also aims implicit criticism at people content with themselves, who achieve their success by trampling on others.
CNHI newspapers are clustered in groups that cross-sell packages to advertisers and occasionally feature shared editorial content.
It uses the plural form as the celebration lasts for a nine-day interval (called the novena) during the Christmas season.
Predictive modeling uses statistics to predict outcomes.
Poe uses the term shadow in the middle of each stanza.
While Cusanus writes in a Gothic script, Bussi uses a cursive Humanist minuscule.
Westlake High School uses a unique grading system called a TMU (Thunder Mastery Unit).
It uses new-technology ballasts to drive 28 1-inch-diameter (25 mm) fluorescent bulbs resulting in a low-power, high-output computer-controlled fixture.
Tibetan uses an alphabet based on an Indic script.
It uses a simple 3-operand code with SSA for its intermediate representation.
In his blog and book, Ries uses specific terms to refer to the core lean startup principles.
Integration enables lean uses of information for the creation of actionable knowledge.
Because of this they do not mate with any of the standardized Mini-DIN connectors.
Victor Frankenstein created and subsequently killed a mate for the Monster, who killed Frankenstein's bride Elizabeth in retaliation.
In French Guiana, females mate successfully after they are a year old.
By pure coincidence, Hannay's train carriage mate turned out to be Lombard himself.
The carving of the wooden form was done by retired Chief Electrician's Mate Ernest L. Benson at New London.
Jackson's running mate was Emmanuel S. Kroma.
The captaincy for the first test fell to Meninga's Canberra Raiders team mate and New South Wales captain Laurie Daley.
Lily and Henry embrace, while White Fang's mate emerges from the trees.
In some species, worker females retain their ability to mate and lay eggs.
Firestar and his mate Sandstorm journey upriver in order to rebuild the long-lost Clan.
Here the chancel terminates in an apse and the west has overlapping arcading and chevron decoration over the entrance door.
The entrance to the emergency room known as ER-7 is accessible from Greenspring Avenue.
In 1920 Maianbar was beached at the entrance to Macleay River and took a month to be re-floated.
Doctor 3: Right ramp, left entrance lane, and upper right loop, in that order.
The Grand Staircase (Festtreppe) with its appurtenances leads from the Entrance Hall up to the Upper Lobby.
The single-door entrance is framed by columns in the Doric order, a semicircular pediment and sidelights.
The front elevation is symmetrical about a central entrance and has a stepped parapet finished with a decorative moulding.
Entrance is free, opening times vary throughout the year.
The windows are Tudor and the entrance porch has a granite doorway with an inscription of 1642.
He was responsible for the addition of the Woodville Gate, now known as the Entrance Gate.
It is carried by approximately 110 million European men (2010 estimate).
Koenraad M. R. Audenaert, "A sharp continuity estimate for the von Neumann entropy", J. Phys.
An estimate of the cost of such an undertaking was $500,000.
Thus the number of 13,500 executed people seems to be a low-end estimate of the real number.
The patrol brought back to the Union Army commanders an exaggerated estimate of Confederate strength at Fairfax Court House.
The school district covers 21 square miles (54 km²), an area encompassing 13,225 people (2004 Census Bureau Estimate).
The new plant will be called the American Centrifuge Plant, which has an estimate cost of 2.3 billion USD.
The remaining distance is an estimate based on map scale and ruler.
Some estimate suggests 40 percent of displaced people are of tribal origins (Fernandes, 2008).
His original estimate of 1834 of £894,874 was amended to £1,507,753 in 1836.
Mesozoic fossil footprints are hardest to attribute.
Individuals with high self-awareness attribute failure internally when they perceive a high probability of improvement.
Contemporary Communist news sources attribute this decision to Fang Chih's "deception".
They attribute to mistranslation and as a later creation of the church.
Some scholars attribute this to the fact that Jews are not expected to proselytize, derived from Halakha.
Older chapbooks make no reference to the council, and attribute Jack's actions to a love for fantasy, chivalry, and adventure.
Members offer testimonials during the Wednesday meetings about any success they attribute to Christian Science, including recovery from ill health.
There is evidence that by-attribute processing is the preferred process for decision making (Arieli et al.
Agriculture officials attribute the success of the two trees that did flourish to Eliza Tibbets' care.
So some scholars were inclined to attribute them to the Alupa rulers.
There is a long-standing connection with Punch and Judy street puppet performers who traditionally used Polari to converse.
They do not attempt to converse with their partner during a song.
After his career ended, he went to work with the Converse shoe company, particularly with the Converse All-Star.
Carter is also believed to have designed the Converse House to which the c. 1738 ell is attached.
The converse is not true: most directed graphs are neither reflexive nor transitive.
As well, converse observations, as well as some historical events, have proven that this viewpoint is outdated and, overall, unsupported.
It was established by a group of Spartanburg residents and named after textile pioneer Dexter Edgar Converse.
We had to converse with her through her translator who was always on the sets."
Many educated Gibraltarians are able to converse in Received Pronunciation.
Of those, 18.9% identified with no other iwi, and 21.9% could converse in the Maori language.
These calculations were upset by the disaster of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, which devastated six southern coastal provinces.
After seeing how upset Susan is about the school, Ben admits that he started the fire.
Upset and unaware of the reason for Mme Arnoux's absence, Frédéric sleeps with Rosanette instead.
Upset by the massacre at the bar, Buscemi convinces El Mariachi to give up his quest for blood.
Arizona was nearly the victim of yet another upset, outlasting a 5-game match to Ohio.
Casper became jealous and became very upset, causing him to ruin all Imogen's work making her very upset.
The first is that you were in a dead end because you upset everyone without satisfying Italy.
Since the product was used only externally, there was no risk of stomach upset.
Brock was evidently upset by the news that the conspirators had been shot.
Will liberals be upset with Tim Kaine?
This causes the calcium of the milk to precipitate out, whilst the phosphate is digested.
This avoids cutting off the blood flow to the digit that a too-tight wrap can precipitate.
Accumulation occurs as crystals are formed by fractional crystallisation and, if they are dense enough, precipitate out from the magma.
The generating of such mental imagery can precipitate or accompany strong emotions or feelings.
Lactic Acid Bacteria will precipitate casein out of the agar by lowering the pH.
He later named the crystallized precipitate after the Greek word for meat, κρεας (kreas).
Upon addition of ammonium sulfate to the solution and damping in of the solution, ferric ammonium sulfate crystals will precipitate.
Typically, an acidic solution of thallium(I) sulfate is treated with hydrochloric acid to precipitate insoluble thallium(I) chloride.
He participated in the 1975 Congressional delegation meetings in the Middle East that helped precipitate the 1979 Israel-Egypt Peace Treaty.
The electrons are then dislodged and "precipitate" into the Earth's atmosphere.
Light water reactors, both boiling water and pressurised water reactors the most common type, use ordinary (light) water.
When writing the song, vocalist Chris Martin originally intended to use a church-style organ for the track.
All existing switches have been subsequently upgraded to use the 1B processor.
Hence consumers are advised to use a different phone when dialing a company's number to confirm.
Most Mexican crime gun trace requests that were successful were untimely and of limited use for generating investigative leads.
Lancia continued to use the HF integrale 16v throughout the 1990 season.
Ribavirin was patented in 1971 and approved for medical use in 1986.
Players must be observant and use their critical thinking skills to escape the room.
First, takedown notices supersede the fair use doctrine which goes against the freedom of speech act.
This module was developed and intended for use with the Dungeons & Dragons Expert Set and Companion Set rules.
In a typical order, the printer might produce 600 menu shells, then finish and laminate 150 menus with prices.
Fabric layers or continuous strand mats are added into the laminate, depending on performance requirements.
Thermofoil is a plastic coating laminate applied to furniture-board.
Several bicycle frames have been made of wood, either solid or laminate.
The Tsai-Wu criterion predicts failure when the failure index in a laminate reaches 1.
Trestle is the world's largest structure composed entirely of wood and glue laminate.
The stock is made from a brown laminate and has a basic rubber recoil pad.
The body panels were carbon fiber and fiberglass laminate.
Materials that have been used in these frames include wood (solid or laminate), magnesium (cast I-beams), and thermoplastic.
It is the first company to produce high-density fiberboard (HDF), medium-density fiberboard (MDF), laminate flooring and multi-layer films in Iran.
It contrasted with their usual Colonial work, in that it used only a minimal amount of ornament.
Shoe wes dureing her dayes a great ornament to that familie,.
Bonner is an architect specialising in Islamic ornament.
They provide many desirable characteristics for use as ornament, timber, firewood and pulpwood.
Additionally, Hallmark Keepsake Rainbow Brite holiday ornaments were sold in 2015 (a reissue of Hallmark's 2013 ornament) and 2016.
Contemporaneous to these developments, Nagavarma II wrote his Kannada grammar Karnataka bhashabhushana ("Ornament of Karnataka language", 1042 or 1145).
The tower, of the 16th century, is of four stages and has buttresses and bands of ornament.
Carey is relegated to a virtual hood ornament of Don't Stop."
For each function its material; for each material its form and it ornament."
Therefore, they invented tattoos as permanent ornament.
The two resume their lives by opening an ice cream shop.
With law and order restored, Chisum can resume his iconic vigil over the Pecos valley.
Scott radioed Farenholt to ask if the destroyer was attempting to resume its station at the front of the column.
They were able to resume production six months after the strike was called.
The morning she leaves and he pursues her hoping to resume the relationship.
Patton shoots at him; the horse is killed and Jim is injured but manages to recover and resume the pursuit.
In some cases, the boundary conditions resume to a simple interface condition.
They decide to remain behind to resume their lives without disruption as the Doctor and Jamie travel on.
He was able to return and resume his trades union career in 1945.
He returned home in December 1945 to resume his career at Tuzigoot.
There have been discussions around their invite-only membership system, which has caused some controversy.
The sailors invite the ladies for a soda, but soon realize that they only have enough money for three people.
The deal included an invite to major league spring training.
There are also plans to re-invite Nakano football club to the next tournament.
Firecats invite back coaches Mastrole, Hall, Naples Daily News, September 24, 2005.
In another attempt to help Doris, the gang persuades some cheerleaders to invite them all to an outdoor party.
In May 2012, twenty one areas were selected to invite bids for providing a local TV service.
To pique my interest, I suggested his friend invite a girlfriend to join her."
He would invite any-passengers by especially Brahmins for grand feast at his home.
Bebe announces a Stupid Spoiled Whore party at her house, and they refuse to invite Wendy.
The station received its present name on 13 November 1901.
Does not respect boundaries between sonorities and procedures of the past and of the present 4.
The face is completely symmetrical and almost intact, but the left eye lacks the inlay present in the right.
The Romans built a major settlement called Vindonissa, near the present location of Brugg.
There are quite a few issues present within the system that affect gameplay.
The past exists in easy harmony with the present.
The cycle is present in microorganisms that cause disease but is absent in mammals, for example humans.
We present an attempt at such a model.
Authors of accepted papers who present their papers/workshops/posters receive a discount upon registration.
At present, discussions are underway regarding financing.
Charteris, on ordination, said that he had not been a party to the protest: he sympathised with the resolutioners.
Everybody Draw Mohammed Day was a protest against those who threatened violence against artists who drew representations of Muhammad.
One of the defense lawyers complained that his mail had been monitored, to the protest of the prosecution.
Hundreds of people organised a gathering outside the American consulate in Karachi to lodge a protest.
On 9 January 2017, McGuiness resigned as deputy First Minister in a protest over the Renewable Heat Incentive scandal.
Smaller groups, maximum 300, have gathered around the state following the February protest.
Feng wanted to peacefully resolve the north-south conflict which led to Duan resigning in protest.
In 1719 and 1744, the Tyneside keelmen went on strike in protest at this 'overmeasure'.
At the concerts, Rosenstolz performed "Laut", an anti-war protest song which preceded the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
The number of attacks rose sharply after the Iraqi army raided a protest camp in Hawija on 23 April 2013.
For the sake of Mathilde, Prudence reluctantly agrees, breaking her promise to Tony.
They sing the dosojin song while drinking large amounts of sake.
Does he not speak entirely for our sake?
For the sake of his health, Christine convinces him to return to Paris.
Basically, Aristotle claims that potentiality exists for the sake of actuality.
It is later revealed that she is being used by Kuon for the sake of his unknown goals.
In addition, some customers refused to buy sake created by a woman.
Palermo kept the murder quiet for the sake of fellow DeCavalcante mobster Riggi, who was Colicchio's brother-in-law.
He said, "Mankind does not exist for science's sake, but science should be used to improve the conditions of mankind."
Walking on the street while drinking sake, Yoshida passes out from an attack of abdominal pain.
These quantities are most often surface variables such as temperature, precipitation, and wind.
For more than two millennia wind-powered machines have ground grain and pumped water.
With continually strengthening wind fields, the capping inversion steadily weakened, and several tornadic supercells formed across Arkansas.
Wind and Rain are represented by images of their associated gods, Ehecatl and Tlaloc (respectively).
The 150 wind turbines are Siemens SWT-4.0, each with a capacity of 4 megawatts (MW).
The North Wind and the Sun is one of Aesop's Fables (Perry Index 46).
He introduced the concept of boundary layer and founded mathematical aerodynamics by calculating air flow in the down wind direction.
This would give a plausible meaning of "India-wind".
Additionally, a strong westerly wind was greater in strength than it had been forecasted.
The arena is partly powered by two 4 kW vertical axis wind turbine manufactured by Urban Green Energy.
It was released in 1975 by Arkham House in an edition of 4,288 copies.
Paran Bandopadhyay As Avinash Babu, owner of Mahamaya Studio Supplies and Auction House.
Bradley House, the seat of the Duke of Somerset, is adjacent to the village.
Today, in addition to being a historic house, The Mount is a major attraction in the Berkshires of Western Massachusetts.
Freedom House demanded immediate information about where and why the scholar was held by the authorities.
Walz serves on the House Agriculture Committee, Committee on Veterans' Affairs, and the Armed Services Committee.
The two stalk to different parts of the house with no decision resolved.
The site of the manor house is marked by a plaque on number 22 Eddisbury Avenue.
The house was a two-storey building built of white pine in the Greek Revival style.
Barnsley was served by three railway companies: L&Y, GCR, and Midland; and by two stations: Exchange and Court House.
He took a leading part in the vestiarian controversy, and persuaded the college to discard the surplice.
Custom Alarms creation and management are used to notify, acknowledge and discard for custom notifications flow.
He admitted to hoping it would be so bad that he could discard it after reading a few pages.
On arriving at the threshold of the church, pilgrims discard their robes at the midnight hour.
Each CobraNet device individually determines if it will use the bundle or discard it.
The zone of assimilation and zone of discard are together called the zone of transition.
The time has come to discard old conceptions and look anew at Late Gothic architecture.
Or you can discard the liquid and use fresh water instead.
That would force the declarer to choose a discard prematurely.
However, not if the previous card on the discard pile is an Offensive card or a Defensive card.
The object of duplicate poker is to win more chips than your opponents sitting in corresponding seats at other tables.
Shortly thereafter, his evil or 'other' duplicate arrives seeking pleasure, drink, women, and command.
Centralized storage eliminates the need to duplicate files across devices or wait for files to become synchronized.
Then a robbery happens and Arun (Ajay Devgan) is the robber who is the duplicate of Vishal.
The machine, although made in 1886, was a duplicate of one made earlier but taken to Europe by Chichester Bell.
Do you know how debilitating it is to sit up and have to duplicate somebody else's records?
Tangram has a wide range of attacks, and can even duplicate the player's virtuaroid to obscure attacks.
The first seal engraved was essentially a duplicate of the Great Seal of the United States.
These materials could also be accessed on the Internet, allowing others to view and duplicate these images.
The 183rd Brigade was part of the 61st Infantry Division (duplicate formation of the 48th (South Midland) Division).
Irving Langmuir found that an inert gas, instead of vacuum, would retard evaporation.
The topographical setting may either hasten or retard the work of climatic forces.
Eamonn says sorry for calling guest 'retard'.
Antioxidant additives retard the degradation of the stock oil by oxidation.
Despite nonlinearity in benzylic SN2 reactions, electron withdrawing groups could either accelerate or retard the reaction.
AFP works alongside modern architectural designs and construction materials and fire safety education to prevent, retard, and suppress structural fires.
Film may also have additional special storage considerations, which may involve low temperature freezes to retard further damage.
They wanted to retard British settlement and buy time for France to implement its Acadian resettlement scheme.
In animal studies it has been shown to inhibit prostate size and retard tumor growth.
Concurrent Collections (known as CnC) is a programming model for software frameworks to expose parallelism in applications.
He also bullies workers, especially Lois Lane, who threatens to expose him as the Kingpin.
By expecting publick good from private virtue, we expose ourselves to publick evils from private vices."
The channel's biggest expose so far is about a casino which was established in Poro, San Fernando City, La Union.
Heidi later forgives Carl and Mitzeee confesses that Carl's past with Trish forced the expose.
It clearly expose this new interactive technology with content feeding and feedback through global networking.
Figaro, Susanna, and the Countess conspire to embarrass the Count and expose his scheming.
Often quarterbacks do not wish to expose themselves to the increased risk of injury associated with the play.
Classes in studio and location lighting expose students to daylight, tungsten, quartz and electronic flash options.
Her Grecian-Roman costume is revealing, and her sandals expose her feet.
Rochester scientists used frequency-tripling crystals to transform the infrared laser beams into ultraviolet beams.
Marissa Mayer's appointment as CEO to replace Thompson was seen as the culmination of Loeb's efforts to transform Yahoo.
Using the Dark Evolver, Mizorogi can transform into Dark Mephisto as the most frequently appearing enemy of Nexus.
After sucking enough blood, you temporarily transform into an invulnerable wolf to cover distance more quickly.
ALA seeks to transform Africa by identifying, developing, and connecting the next generation of African leaders.
In Danish, plural forms in -er transform into definite plural -erne, while plurals in -e and zero-ending become -ene.
In September 2005, the groundwork began to be laid to transform CAPS into what would become the Alberta Sheriffs Branch.
The scaling function filters the lowest level of the transform and ensures all the spectrum is covered.
This transform is proposed in order to rectify the limitations of the WT and the fractional Fourier transform (FRFT).
He was the first to understand that simple machines do not create energy, they merely transform it.
The six-minute-long video shows each location played at until a certain date, fan commentary and some backstage footage.
Thus, the change in bitline voltage is minute.
Loop 464 was designated in 1968, with no changes to the route description since the original Minute Order.
Almost all the subsequent rereleases of Now We Are Six contained the 3 minute version of the song.
After they've been sauced they throw them on the grill for a minute or two.
The feature was extended into a weekly 30-minute magazine show in January 2016.
Original lyrics by Thomas Scott Cadden:Mr. Clean will clean up dirt & grime & grease in just 1 minute!
The 12-inch single included an additional track, the 17:15-minute-long "Grendel", making it an EP in terms of overall length.
There were four 15-minute episodes and it was broadcast on BBC Radio 4.
Walt Disney Feature Animation made a 1990 animated 24-minute short film, inspired by the novel and starring Mickey Mouse.
Kit has managed to keep a handkerchief from Olga, and Christina and her friends start tracing the perfume on it.
The scent of a perfume that appears close to the departure of the middle notes.
He removed the perfume from drugstore shelves, and invested millions of dollars in advertisement for Chanel cosmetics.
The oil has, since ancient times, been used as a perfume, as a medicine and in religious contexts.
To add it to a perfume was called "jassing it up."
Additionally, perfume placed on the violin chin rests prevented identification by smell.
In fact, the perfume contains some 60 floral essences.
He instead experimented with diverse areas such as perfume making and working with wood.
Many green trees and flowers that perfume the air are located at the base of the fall.
When he was only two, his family moved to Barcelona where he later became an apprentice in a perfume store.
The American diversified multinational conglomerate is owned and chaired by American billionaire Bruce Wayne, who is also Batman.
Cofina (Euronext: CFN) is a Portuguese media conglomerate.
She studied business administration, intending to own a conglomerate of businesses geared towards motivational products and services.
The Hils Conglomerate Formation is a geologic formation in Germany.
The common contains deposits of puddingstone, a conglomerate rock formed during a period of global warming 60 million years ago.
The pressure created heat which melted the silica and bonded the quartz and conglomerate together, creating Kittatinny Mountain.
There are three types of diversification: concentric, horizontal, and conglomerate.
Sonthi stopped short of threatening to nationalise the telecommunications conglomerate.
It is named after the conglomerate formations on its beach, which resemble a stone castle with large arches.
Ran the conglomerate with his elder brother before elder brother died.
Some logics, such as standard predicate calculus, have a set of defining axioms with the "D-completeness" property.
These unprovable judgments precede definitions because we must recognize a subject's predicate before we can define the subject.
These sentences contain a subject, a non-verbal predicate, and an optional copula.
In Standard Mandarin, certain object in predicate structure are put after a complement.
Many reasoners use first-order predicate logic to perform reasoning; inference commonly proceeds by forward chaining and backward chaining.
The independent forms of the copula introduce predicate nominal and predicate locative constructions, and the enclitic forms introduce predicate adjectives.
Salishan languages (along with the Wakashan and the extinct Chimakuan languages) exhibit predicate/argument flexibility.
The descriptor is also known as a Predicate.
Her master's degree thesis analyzed the prosecution of money laundering and its predicate offences.
Verbless sentences in Arabic do not consist of a subject but rather a topic followed by a predicate.
The term is in conscious contrast to Asatru, the reconstructionist revival of medieval Norse polytheism.
In contrast to the street or public transit, the workplace cannot be entered for exposition anonymously and at any time.
The presenters typically wore casual clothes instead of formal suits, in contrast to the regular news broadcasts.
In seeming contrast to that realist predilection his style, though, should not be defined as realistic.
In contrast, Richard Eisenbeis of Kotaku felt that Kileak had "tons of bad CG cut scenes".
Conventional phase contrast microscopy is primarily used to observed unstained living cells.
By contrast, the two schemes the Court disapproved had overly broad eligibility criteria and then no discretion in sentencing.
Critics suggested that this was meant to stand in stark contrast to the sheer masculinity of the Spartan army.
Because of this, MRI is capable of differentiating one tissue from another; this provides "tissue contrast."
In contrast, the bush folk are portrayed as heroic figures."
N.9 was a compact biplane with single-bay wings of unequal span that folded back for shipboard stowage.
As the only officially released auto-focus Rokkor ever, this lens was incorporated into the Minolta TC-1 135 film compact camera.
This lighter staining is due to the less compact structure of euchromatin.
This example is a compact closed category.
Antlers of boreal caribou are flattened, compact, and relatively dense.
One can show that the compact subsets of Xc and X coincide and the induced topologies are the same.
Tracks from the album were released on Compact disc in 1999 on a compilation with her previous album.
The album was reissued in expanded form on compact disc in 2003.
Gebhardt stayed with the group for five years, releasing three compact discs.
Their shape accommodates large volumes while remaining compact, and their design has few protuberances.
Sprite Tropical Remix has seen a rerelease in the Spring of 2015.
In 2004, another partnership with Omega Games saw the rerelease of some of their board game titles.
This recording is a rerelease of a Collins Classics CD.
Tracks 11 and 12 appear on the Reprorecords rerelease (2001).
The DVD rerelease of Green Green contained features not available in the original CD-ROM release.
In 1995, the full-length version appeared as a bonus track on the Virgin Records rerelease of the album Tonight.
On August 21, 2015 Twiztid released a vinyl rerelease of W.I.C.K.E.D. on a double blood-red vinyl.
Penguin would rerelease Howling Mad and the Psi-Man books under David's actual name.
At the time of the game's Virtual Console rerelease, he felt the game had aged well.
Several of these tracks were also included on the CD rerelease of Presenting Cannonball Adderley.
They both move on with their own lives.
Norman lives at Greenwood children's home, south of London, where he grew up.
After this, Charlie also remembers their lives on the island, and he and Claire have an emotional reunion.
First discovered in 1992, this gastropod lives in most oceans.
It is a cleaner shrimp and usually lives in association with sea anemones, scleractinian corals or jellyfish.
He currently lives in Studio City, California.
Currently, Bishop Zipfel lives at Little Sisters of the Poor in Florissant, MO.
An exploration of the magical force of music in the lives of human beings.
Mrs. Tittlemouse is a woodmouse who lives in a "funny house" of long passages and storerooms beneath a hedge.
Lodge now lives in Rancho Mirage, California, near Palm Springs, with his wife Beth and their two dogs.
In June 2015, Grassley introduced legislation to help protect taxpayers from alleged abuses by the Internal Revenue Service.
There were reports of societal abuses and discrimination based on religious affiliation, belief, or practice.
The anarcho-syndicalist periodical Solidaridad Obrera reported that: "Certain abuses have been committed that we consider counterproductive.
Only about 25 per cent of these women are said to have survived these daily abuses.'
In contrast, the humanitarian movement thought reform essential to remove abuses.
The people needed more time for productive pursuits while correcting social abuses of the past.
But there was nothing prudish about their concerted opposition to civil rights abuses.
The tax farmers, and their interpreters and foremen, were known to be corrupt and commit abuses, especially against Aborigines.
The Wolf Brigade become closely and publicly associated with detainee and other human rights abuses.
Eddie abuses alcohol and cocaine, causing him to miss rehearsals and performances as well as losing his girlfriend.
He was also an early advocate of organic gardening.
Bird was an advocate for equality, and sought to reform the race-based exclusion laws in Canada.
She was an advocate for the potential of libraries to provide lifelong education for a nation.
Mariam Veiszadeh is a lawyer, community advocate and founder of Islamophobia Register Australia.
In 1969 the newspaper was renamed The Advocate and distributed nationally.
Kuchik Khan's second-in-command, Ehsanollah Khan Dustdar, had become a communist and an ardent advocate of an alliance with the Bolsheviks.
Prior to becoming a teacher, he worked as a constituent advocate for the late U.S. Senator Paul Wellstone.
But with fundamentalism on the rise, progressive interpretations of scripture are dangerous to advocate."
Heaviside did much to develop and advocate vector methods and the vector calculus.
He tweeted the party would advocate a 'pro Europe', 'pro developing world' and 'against military adventurism' stance.
The export of yerba mate and valuable wood products maintained the balance of trade between Paraguay and the outside world.
Recently Kyrgyzstan concluded accords to export meat to Saudi Arabia from September, 2012.
In recent years they've become increasingly scarce in the pet industry, due to restrictions on import/export trading.
The company Hvalur H/F hunts Fin whales, mainly for international export.
Most of Jamaica's coffee production is grown for export.
To support the trade, Dmitry Medvedev authorized a state export subsidy of 40 US dollars per metric ton.
The EU argued that the ETI effectively retained the export subsidy, albeit under a different name.
Interestingly, in the mouse, iRhoms are key trafficking chaperones required for the ER export of ADAM17/TACE and its maturation.
An export to blog feature allows for a 1-click publication on the web of a figure.
The plantations grew tobacco, indigo and rice for export, and raised most of their own food supplies.
Three teams who were among the pre-season title favourites failed to make an impact in the title race.
Reviews development plans that may impact unrecorded burials.
These theories had little impact in Japan, although recently they were translated into Japanese and published in Japan.
The environmental impact of cleaning agents is diverse.
The impact of the attacks remains unclear.
Impact surveys assess the socio-economic impact of the mine contamination and help assign priorities for the clearance of particular areas.
Federal funding is still not approved; the Environmental Impact study must be complete.
Gaming fans have also recently made a big impact on content developers.
The privacy safeguards and rules can be found in the RTIC specification and the TSA RT Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA).
For its first decade, it had rather limited impact outside of aerospace work.
The V-22 has triple-redundant fly-by-wire flight control systems, which included computerized damage control to automatically isolate damaged areas.
In humans the hearing apparatus (composed of the ears and brain) can usually isolate these tones and hear them distinctly.
It attacked Hong Kong and Canton to isolate Japanese forces there.
Floodwaters from Storm Isolate 13 Vermont Towns; article; The New York Times online; accessed.
It can be used to isolate and to simultaneously bypass a sampling cylinder installed on a pressurized water line.
11,11'-Dideoxyverticillin A, an isolate of marine Penicillium, was used to create dozens of semi-synthetic anticancer compounds.
Further rebel successes threatened to isolate the loyalist stronghold of Sirte, and took the city of Zliten east of Tripoli.
The user then has to watch the on-screen displays to try to isolate where the problem is.
This was both interesting and difficult to isolate due to its extraordinarily long half-life, about 1.39 million years.
However, the quantity of the metals was too small to isolate, and Osann eventually withdrew his discovery claims.
Wounds are nothing new to this gallant officer, who bears ugly scars about his person, the tokens of Rebel attentions.
Rebel soldiers said they posed as merchants as "a trick for the NGOs".
It all depends on if he can manage consensus and if the others agree or rebel."
Three other border crossings with Iraq and Turkey were, however, in rebel hands.
They also previously had Joint Integrated Units formed together with its rebel enemies the Sudan People's Liberation Army.
However, the transitional government exercised no real authority in the country, 80% of which was controlled by the rebel groups.
In the Beano Christmas special 2007 Robbie Rebel had a joint strip with The Riot Squad.
However, the rebel force believed that the British had shouted contuirt bhais!
Fighting raged near Marea, the main base of Islamic Front rebel group, where rebel reinforcements were being sent.
His Rhodesian visit has been cited as precursoring the South African rebel tours controversy of the 1980s.
Some Phalaenopsis species in Malaysia are known to use subtle weather cues to coordinate mass flowering.
They should also coordinate the whole youth level of the Austrian Army sports in their section.
Workers may arrange to coordinate their days off so that their responsibilities are adequately covered.
They would also coordinate the arrangements of their shows in order to avoid clashes.
Even this proved impossible to coordinate, and many ships wandered off on their own.
As Minority Whip, Humason will coordinate votes within the Senate Republican Caucus and assist the Minority Leader in developing policy.
The rotated coordinate system makes an angle with the original coordinate system.
The school continues to coordinate with Leicester City Council for admissions.
The generals defending Shuozhou and Yunzhou would be notified of the plan to coordinate activities.
Hence the ostensible fibre bundle TᵏM admits a local trivialization in each coordinate neighborhood.
Some magnetic pigment are best suited for colored magnetizable inks due to their lower blackness.
Adalsteinsson also noted that in heterozygotes, only the red pigment (pheomelanin) was diluted.
Smalt was widely used for the coloration of glass and as pigment for paintings.
A Note on the Artists' Pigment Aureolin.
In the case of the original Blue, none of the yellow or red pigment genes are passed on.
Peropsin, a visual pigment-like receptor, is a protein that in humans is encoded by the RRH gene.
For example, blood is red because the haem pigment needed to carry oxygen is red.
As a wasp ages, pigment gradually accumulates, and this region darkens.
Mummy brown was a pigment used in oil paints made from ground Egyptian mummies.
Vivianite was known as a pigment since Roman times but its use in oil painting was rather limited.
Treaties defeated by the Senate: a study of the struggle between President and Senate over the conduct of foreign relations.
Arrests for public intoxication, disorderly conduct, fights, and drug possession were frequent and common.
Supervision over the rules of conduct in the IDF.
Mount Zion Christian Schools conduct most of their classes using direct teaching and Madeline Cheek Hunter's method.
Ambrose refused and was required to answer for his conduct before the council.
That Gordon realised his conduct had fallen much below what it might have been can be seen in his poems.
He was given a 25-year sentence for "disorderly conduct" and "counter-revolutionary activities".
Lecturers from various parts of the Philippines, particularly from Manila, are employed to conduct the classes.
GeoDa also is capable of producing histograms, box plots, Scatter plots to conduct simple exploratory analyses of the data.
Six students were charged with disorderly conduct.
It was quickly announced that former Homie member Welsh would take over on bass for Weezer.
The vocals for us went hand-in-hand with the distorted bass guitar, distorted guitars and hyper-fast drumming".
Additionally, Dinning is the uncle of Dean Dinning, bass guitarist for alternative rock band Toad the Wet Sprocket.
Bruno plays upright bass, guitar, a little banjo, ukulele, and mandolin.
He is quoted as saying that when he was young his hero was John Deacon, the bass guitarist of Queen.
The soundtrack also featured performances by Sargent's brother Lee and by Radiohead bass player Colin Greenwood.
The bass took 2 years to complete, earning it the nickname "Slow Joe".
His replacement was former Blodwyn Pig bass player Andy Pyle.
He can play drums, bass and keyboards.
That year, Midgard assigned its option to Richard Bass, William Herbert Hunt, and William Herbert Hunt Trust Estate.
If carrying a camera you will be stopped and asked for permit.
If needed, the ALO can be pushed up to permit automatic fire.
Fishing on the River Derwent, which runs through the park, is priced at £2.50 per permit.
Methods to permit dynamic embryo culture with fluid flow and embryo movement are also available.
The containment cell currently operates under a Resource Conservation and Recovery Act permit issued by MPCA.
Redirect list allows router to permit/deny traffic to interceptTwo methods of redirection:WCCP L2: Local subnet only, little overhead.
Access into the wilderness from the north via the Wind River Indian Reservation requires obtaining a permit before entering.
The BeoLine provides a simple PBX, which can route calls to different handsets, and can permit internal calls between handsets.
In between these two poles are systems that permit typed and untyped elements to co-exist.
Illegal construction or building is construction work (or the result of such) without a valid construction permit.
The winds quickly decrease towards the higher latitudes, eventually reaching zero at the poles.
Later that day, the depression strengthened to a tropical storm with winds of 60 mph (95 km/h).
Foothill Symphonic Winds (n.d.).
The traditional clipper route followed the winds of the roaring forties south of the great capes.
The Australian Bureau of Meteorology uses 10-minute sustained winds, while the Joint Typhoon Warning Center uses one-minute sustained winds.
High winds left heavy crop damage, mostly to banana trees and vegetables.
When water reaches the basin it is pushed by strong winds into a large circular current called the Beaufort Gyre.
Winds gusted to 92 knots (170 km/h) at Tanabe.
Sustained winds at La Pesca peaked at 80 km/h (50 mph), with gusts to 105 km/h (65 mph).
Some areas formed in sand dunes swept by winds from the Connecticut River Valley as ancient glacial Lake Hitchcock receded.
In 1999, Alan Gilbert hired Fitch to design and construct the interior of his New York apartment.
Business was good and in 1874 Briggs was able to construct a new building for the family business.
The crew from the new camp went on in 1942 to construct a campground at Graves Creek.
In December 2015 Alistair Freeports Limited injected $700,000 to construct an export processing zone around the port area.
Named variables can be created by using the /a exch def construct.
The order to construct the ship was given by the Admiralty of the Meuse.
Male Hylodes dactylocinus construct an underwater chamber.
W.H. Campfield won the initial bid to construct the courthouse enclosure and that was completed by November 1886.
The company went on to construct 4 spheres in 2009 and then 3 more in 2010.
Vaibhav Vasind Hills has also planned a housing township which asserts to construct over 550 residential apartments.
In 2016 a group of well-wishers came together to mark his grave with a Celtic Cross.
Celtic were the defending champions of the competition from the previous two seasons having defeated Rangers and Dundee United respectively.
The sinking is the subject of a song called "Oceanos" by Celtic rock band Coast.
The first known inhabitants were the Vettones, a pre-Roman Celtic people.
The name is probably a compound made up of a Celtic, Brythonic word with an Anglo Saxon, Old English word.
The word Amtmann is derived from ambet-ambachtos - "one sent round", Celtic: Latin ambactus "envoy", "herold", "servant", French, ambassadeur, "ambassador".
The exterior has some Celtic symbols such as the swastika and horned feet.
It has been argued that St Edmund's story was informed by common Celtic and Germanic notions of sacred kingship.
On 31 minutes, Celtic doubled their lead.
Also, it has long been supposed that the influence of Celtic languages on Old English was slight.
The sun indicator or hand gives an approximate indication of both the sun's azimuth and altitude.
All practical schedulers approximate GPS and use it as a reference to measure fairness."
The curling club moved to Victoria Street, on the approximate location of today's Supreme Court of Canada building.
Minnesota Functionals (Myz) are a group of approximate exchange-correlation energy functionals in density functional theory (DFT).
The true position of these stars is only approximate to their theoretical equidistant rhumbs on the sidereal compass.
Repeat until an approximate minimum is obtained:Randomly shuffle examples in the training set.
They did this for a simple but approximate model of water called TIP5P/2005.
Within each subsection, changes are in approximate chronological order.
The exact position was not publicly disclosed, but a plaque marks the approximate location.
This corresponds to 180 kpc (600,000 ly) at an approximate distance of 55 kpc (180,000 ly).
Gerda Elzbieta Brylka (later Krajciczek, born 12 August 1941) is a retired Polish gymnast.
Further, Polish postal authorities, Poczta Polska, also initially utilized overprinted Germania stamps.
Born in Castrop, he is of Polish descent.
Of those murdered for being Jewish, more than half were Ashkenazi Polish Jews.
Skowronek (a name meaning lark or skylark in Polish) was an Arabian stallion foaled in 1909.
Fearing for their proper jobs, many writers associated with the Borejsza's publishing empire embraced the Sovietization of Polish culture.
Moreover, a large portion of those soldiers were Polish nationals.
Ludwik Malinowski (nom de guerre Lew of Przebraze, 1887-1962) was a Polish resistance fighter.
23.3% were of Irish, 15.5% Italian, 10.3% English, 6.0% German, 5.1% French and 5.1% Polish ancestry according to Census 2000.
Operation Minsk refers to the Polish offensive and capture of Minsk from the Soviet Russia in early August 1919.
Mayrinax Atayal has an elaborate case marking system.
Rosas created an elaborate cult of personality, presenting himself as an almighty and fatherlike figure who protected the people.
Despite requesting a quiet funeral without pomp and ceremony, the event was elaborate and attended by the Prince of Moldovia.
The hangar is noted for its architecture, especially its elaborate towers, tile roofs and arches.
It features elaborate terra cotta, which was produced locally by the Corning Brick and Terra Cotta and Tile Company.
Often, outsider art illustrates extreme mental states, unconventional ideas, or elaborate fantasy worlds.
His style is especially distinguished by the elaborate, and often brilliantly colorful, patterns on the courtesan's kimono.
Series II was generally more visually oriented, featuring elaborate outdoor backgrounds and neatly written, minimalist dialogue.
Solange and Claire are two housemaids who construct elaborate sadomasochistic rituals when their mistress (Madame) is away.
The Sufi brotherhoods or tariqas in Senegal are organized in elaborate hierarchies.
Above it, both sexes tend to wear a cloak, laid across the shoulders or wound around the torso.
On 21 August 1917 he received a serious leg wound during an attack on Canal Wood south of Cambrai.
The instrument at the Musical Instrument Museum in Phoenix, which uses modern wound metal strings, is tuned C₀, G₀, D₁.
At that time, Arjuna, under the direction of Krishna, shoots many arrows at Karnan that severely wound him.
Outbreaks of S. marcescens meningitis, wound infections, and arthritis have occurred in pediatric wards.
He wound up batting over .335 twice, over .300 five times, and over .290 nine times.
By 1990 Quadrex Holdings had been wound down and was officially dissolved in 1999.
The thong was wound around the shaft and hooked over one or two fingers.
It was a savage but skilful attack on her from the nature of the wound.
The secretome of peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) has been shown to improve wound healing in mice.
Oudheusden was a separate municipality until 1935, when it became part of Drunen.
In 1938 the building was extended and a separate gymnasium added.
As The Woogie grew in popularity, the decision was made to create a separate event based on the stage.
There he falls prey to a scheming widow, and he and his wife separate.
Avoca came from the Indian word, "where separate waters come together".
They also approached soldiers before blowing themselves up in two separate attacks.
Legally, the two clubs' track records and honours are kept separate by the Football Association of Slovenia.
The station consists of three separate island platforms serving two tracks for each respective line.
It also issued separate guidelines for foreign-funded payment institutions.
In the absence of a separate descant part, this is normally the highest-pitched part, and otherwise the second highest.
Avian life includes the corncrake, red-throated diver, rock dove, kittiwake, tystie, Atlantic puffin, goldeneye, golden eagle and white-tailed sea eagle.
At the finish line, he dove forward on the wet track to win the bronze by 0.04 seconds.
Crosby's poetry remained relatively conventional, "still rhyming love with dove", by her own admission.
The jambu fruit dove (Ptilinopus jambu) is a smallish colourful fruit dove.
Bird species in the park include the black hornbill, helmeted hornbill, common emerald dove, little cuckoo-dove and Bornean peacock-pheasant.
Until recently it was considered conspecific with the Mindanao brown dove and collectively called the dark-eared brown dove.
These are delivered via their website and mobile apps.
The mobile version of the game is available in 18 languages.
Through Mobile IPTV, users can view IPTV services using a mobile device.
There is a mobile butcher and a mobile fishmonger who each visit once a week.
At one point she brandishes her mobile phone at him.
Polarons are highly mobile and can diffuse away.
Bell-owned Virgin Mobile Canada as well as Loblaws prepaid PC Telecom, operate as MVNOs on the Bell Mobility network.
The tail remains mobile, distracting the predator, while the lizard becomes motionless, allowing eventual escape.
As of June 2015, Myanmar has a mobile phone penetration rate of 54.6%, up from less than 10% in 2012.
Urban Airship is an American company that provides a mobile engagement platform and digital wallet solution.
In July 1999, he went on loan for two games with Project 40.
We got a lot of feedback straight away, which was great because it gave me confidence about the project".
The project " GYPSY, A MAN "was created by Martha Capello(producer) and Guido Farinella (the director).
The project laid 91 pounds (41 kg) of track in addition to steel ties and stone ballast.
Vinci: The project proposed by Vinci was the largest of the competition with a 50,921-seat capacity and a retractable roof.
Original funding for the project was obtained via Kickstarter in 2011.
He wrote the story, screenplay and dialogue of the film Jerry, which he described as his "pet project".
Tim responded by saying that he would become the project manager in the next task, no matter what it was.
In June 2003 Florida Governor Jeb Bush vetoed funding for the project that the Florida Legislature had approved.
From 1977 to 1979 construction project in Dammam, Saudi Arabia was undertaken.
The Convict Establishment was based in Fremantle, so Jewell was appointed to supervise the construction.
This is so because a grand jury cannot convict a defendant.
Watermeyer had been an early supporter of the anti-government "popular party" since the 1850 Convict Crisis.
On 10 July 1831, Nunukul warriors at Dunwich killed James Wood, a convict, in retribution for 'injuries suffered from Europeans'.
However, the court has been reluctant to convict on the word of a garda alone, without any corroborating evidence.
This section was constructed in 1867 using convict labour, with the road base made from sections of tree trunks.
The town has a monument that indicates that the highway was built by convict labor in 1925.
It is based on the true story of Margaret Catchpole, an adventuress and convict.
The prosecutor will order the police to arrest the convict, in order to execute the earlier written substitute imprisonment.
The tracks were also not capable of handling the load of repeated convoys, despite deployment of convict labor for repairs.
Michigan election law stipulates that if duplicates are found, both the original and duplicate are ruled invalid.
The Hypochondriac (The Imaginary Invalid) was staged at the Liverpool Playhouse in July 2009.
It was covered by At the Drive-In for Steve Lamacq and released along with their single "Invalid Litter Dept."
To meet the test, a prima facie invalid measure must complement rather than merely supplement the legislative scheme.
Justifications have to be provided if an item is deemed invalid.
Such an argument, however true the conclusion, is mathematically invalid and is commonly known as a howler.
The principal debt was invalid, and so, in turn, was the notarial bond.
Of the 1,823 Smith gathered, 492 were deemed invalid, meaning he needed 248 more signatures.
However, the name was not attached to any formal description and so was an invalid nomen nudum.
Central Tibetan Administration considers it invalid and as having been signed under duress.
Most notably, by Rachmaninoff, Chopin and Ravel.
The orchestra soon attracted other composers such as Igor Stravinsky, Max Reger, Maurice Ravel, and Paul Hindemith.
Born in Le Havre, Aubry was a friend of several composers, including Debussy and Ravel.
She has recorded music by Fauré, Chabrier, Satie and Ravel.
Both in his conducting career and writing he championed Debussy, Ravel, Roussel, Chabrier and Schmitt.
Ravel wrote, "this impressionism is certainly very different from that of present-day composers.
Ravel also told Paul that, "when he wrote Gaspard de la Nuit, he was able to play it all".
Lapped seams are typically used for bulky materials that do not ravel, such as leather and felt.
Ravel reportedly said about Scarbo: "I wanted to write an orchestral transcription for the piano."
Rosenthal believed that it was because so many had died in a war in which Ravel had not actually fought.
The object had a stenciled internal marking "657 BB".
The Object Shelter was never intended to be a permanent containment structure, despite rumors to the contrary.
Projected area is two-dimensional area measurement of a three-dimensional object by projecting its shape on to an arbitrary plane.
The degree of representational momentum observed can depend on how the participant is labeling the event or object.
In this context, construction, or building, refers to the process of converting (serializing) a programmatic object into a binary representation.
First, an object to be shared in the Object Space is made.
Hence different scales and orientation of the main object can be articulated to scales and orientation of the corresponding parts.
The TIMI instructions are stored within the final program object, in addition to the executable machine instructions.
But the images of these triangles in object space may vary in shape and extension, which may be a drawback.
However, these claims are an object of an ongoing debate in research on the effects of violence in mass media.
And then came, as if to my final and irrevocable overthrow, the spirit of perverseness."
The National Assembly did not hold a vote to overthrow the royal veto.
The defeat of the Central Powers lead to the overthrow of both monarchies.
After Castro's overthrow of the Batista government, he returned to Cuba in 1960.
During World War II, Carol tried to set up a Free Romania movement based in Mexico to overthrow General Antonescu.
In 1783 Fox produced his India Bill, which led to the overthrow of the coalition government.
Following the overthrow of the government in February 2004, an interim government was established.
The peasants plan a revolt, with two buddies, including Cliff (Julian Eltinge), planning to overthrow the corrupt Duke.
He conspired with Yusa Naganori and Yusa Nobunori to overthrow his lord.
United States Minister to Hawaii John L. Stevens was forced to retire after supporting the overthrow of the monarchy.
If a single unit is clicked four or more times in a row, the unit's voice samples become increasingly comical.
His grave can be found in section 67A, row 4, grave 41.
Cork won on that occasion making it five-in-a-row of Munster titles, however, McCarthy never came off the bench.
The embassy is located at 2204 R Street, Northwest, Washington, D.C., just off Embassy Row.
This was Celtic's ninth title in a row, a record that would be equalled by Rangers in the 1996-97 season.
Some researchers believe that the mutilation had ritualistic aspects, particularly since most mutilated monuments were reburied in a row.
Between 1929 and 1930 they won a further four titles in a row.
It has a row and column for each vertex.
It was Piquet's second victory in a row after winning at the German Grand Prix.
Front Row Wrestling is an American independent professional wrestling promotion located in Rochester, New Hampshire.
The game used real world traffic data to affect the behavior of monsters in the game.
These forms of the virus can cause human illness but generally do not affect equine health.
The duration of the stimulation leading up to the ejaculation can affect the volume.
Commercial diplomacy is designed to influence foreign government policy and regulatory decisions that affect global trade and investment.
Oysters and aquaculture affect eelgrass density and productivity in a pacific northwest estuary.
This does not affect movie distribution via physical tapes or discs, cable TV, or the Internet.
Increased serum prolactin (PRL) concentration in patients brains from psychiatric medicine can also affect sexuality.
Studies have shown that phenolic hydrocarbons affect the functional and structural properties of cell membranes.
Hughes' demotion did not affect his batting, however.
Their bearing, deportment, and behavior, both individually and collectively, will affect the return of their privileges.
They already run a buffet business but aspire to open their own restaurant.
The Aztec Inn also features a buffet and a business center.
Chicken nuggets, corn dogs and French fries are served in their children's menu as well as a "kid size" buffet.
Before World War II and shortly afterwards, the station had a ticket office, cash luggage, waiting room and a buffet.
Their supply offering ('smallwares') includes steam table pans, cookware, kitchen utensils, tabletop accessories, and buffet serving ware.
Borgata Buffet, a typical casino buffet, offers breakfast, lunch, dinner, and a Sunday brunch.
Customers have two options; ordering from the menu or (at designated times) eating from the buffet.
The music video for the song was filmed in black-and-white and features both artists singing around a buffet.
He founded the Anzac Buffet, which supplied more than a million free meals to Australian soldiers in London.
This vehicle was fitted with a 6-cylinder Leyland O.350 diesel to power the air-conditioning, buffet and lighting.
In the face of arousal, "discharge" is facilitated to allow the client's body to return to a regulated state.
Meeker Run has a discharge of 320 gallons per minute during average flow conditions.
Owners, or operators of facilities, that discharge regulated waste are then required to secure discharge permits.
After the assault, Warren returns to work, determined to discharge Mateo from his department.
Adams joined the U.S. Army in 1944 and served for 30 months until his discharge in the summer of 1946.
Deep discharge below 0.5 V/cell may result in electrolyte leakage; little useful capacity exists below 0.9 V/cell.
Wilson joined the Camden Police Department after his discharge from the Air Force.
They played melodic, heavy and dark d-beat hardcore punk with various influences, mainly British bands Amebix, Discharge, Zounds, and Motorhead.
The door of drum can be opened fully and contains feed; wash, feed control and solids discharge components.
The river's drainage basin covers 141 square kilometres and its average discharge is 0.7 cubic metres per second.
Initial production was as an artillery tractor, as at this time the RASC supplied transport to the Royal Field Artillery.
The RapidIO transport layer enables hardware virtualization (for example, a RapidIO endpoint can support multiple device IDs).
Ten trains, each with 7 bogies, will transport passengers back and forth along the Trivandrum-Kollam-Chengannur-Harippad section.
The parish council also represents the views of the parish on issues such as local transport, policing and the environment.
The aircraft is intended for use on short, soft landing strips and for long-range, cargo transport flights.
He rose to Permanent Secretary in the Kaduna State civil service, heading the Ministries of Health, Works and Transport.
It is also possible to book package deals which include transport, hotel accommodation, meals and tickets to concerts.
There is limited public transport to the village.
Chartered Institute of Logistics & Transport Ireland.
At the same time, containerization allowed freight trains to become more competitive and participate in intermodal freight transport.
Filled with disbelief and blasphemy, the heads of the different tribes of the Israelites reject his calls for help.
Beata and her council reject his reasoning, and threatens to execute them the following day.
Emphases include the possibility of a Christian "backsliding" as well as man's free will to choose or reject God.
Proposal to Reject the Name Gaura mollis (Onagraceae).
The SDLP support Irish reunification, but utterly reject the use of violence as a means to that end.
Likewise, there is a strong critique of modern technology among green anarchists, though not all reject it entirely.
In 2009, Harper and Harvie voted to reject an SNP government budget.
Another early title was reported to be Reject False Icons, which is also the title of Gorillaz' culture jamming project.
When that happens, the females reject them, suggesting a strong mechanism for the selection of parasite resistance."
One can reject constructivism without claiming that mystical experiences reveal a cross-cultural "perennial truth".
It was ranked as the eighth best game for a Nintendo console in Nintendo Power's "Top 200 Games" list.
As of May 20, 2015, Google rebranded Google Webmaster Tools as Google Search Console.
Tiger released a handheld game under the same franchise on the Game.com console.
Murayama, Kawano and ten other employees were instead assigned with developing Konami's first games for Sony's upcoming console, the PlayStation.
Many reviewers argued that the PC version should have received a port of the console versions instead.
In 2004, Atari (now owned by Infogrames) released the first Atari Flashback console.
He named the recorder "The Octopus" and the mixing console "The Monster".
The console versions of the game feature 1993-94 rosters, and limited roster management functions.
Both re-releases shared very limited success, and the console would be canceled in 2000, along with its exclusive internet service.
Nintendo broadcast an ad showcasing its upcoming Nintendo Switch video game console.
The company has created campaigns in South Africa for Nike, Inc., Look&Listen, SAB Miller, Nestle and Ster Kinekor.
Nestle closed the bulk of the factory in 1929, retaining some secondary production until December 1930.
These are the only two non-Nestle branded sweets as no Mackintosh sweets have been re-branded.
This has been done mainly with the help of organizations such as UNICEF and Nestle.
In 1948, Nestle launched a mix for chocolate-flavored milk called Nestle Quik.
In April 2010, he joined the board of directors of Nestle India.
Nestle Purina also produced television advertisements intended for Austria that had audio effects only pets could hear.
The brand was launched by Chicago's Breaker Confections in 1976, and purchased by Nestle in 1988.
Nestle stated that "a small quantity of meat" from the Rancho Feeding Corp was used to make Hot Pockets.
Solid Waste provides refuse, yard waste and recycling collection.
Then, too, the flowers refuse to be self-fertilized.
He has pledged to refuse personal gifts and campaign contributions from lobbyists and the groups that employ them.
When the tribe refuse to move, Locke's cohort shoots one of them dead accidentally.
They manage to steal the diamond, but refuse to hand it over to JD.
For example: if passengers refuse a bus conductor's call to board the bus.
Another problem is the amount of refuse that the facility generates.
Hickory orders his guards to kill Turner, but in light of Hickory's dealings with the wolves, they refuse.
Upon concluding their deliberations, the grand jurors refuse to indict Diana.
Devan decides to refuse his Divine Father's advice, and prepares to welcome his terrible fate.
We accomplish this by storing most of what we read in long-term memory, linking them together through retrieval structures.
At Monica's behest she also calls Christopher to tell him not to read the suicide note Monica has sent him.
Papers are often read by scholars who do not belong to the Commission, from various universities in Poland.
Yet, the night before his release, he read in his Bible the story concerning the crisis confronted by Deborah.
The phenomenon is also described in the journalistic saying, "You never read about a plane that did not crash".
Point-of-sale card readers almost always read track 1, or track 2, and sometimes both, in case one track is unreadable.
Most Amish romance novels are written and read by evangelical Christian women.
While in Brussels he read a paper on lead poisoning at a World Medical Conference.
Additionally, process objects with higher IL are out-of-bounds for even read access.
Loeb's books are still widely read today and hailed by many as a staple for investment professionals.
Fade to Black (2005) is perhaps Flinn's second-best known realistic novel and a frequent high school required read.
Browns fans reacted with anger to the news, wearing hats and T-shirts that read "Muck Fodell".
The feat was recognized on Greer Stadium's iconic guitar-shaped scoreboard which read, "PERFECT GAME."
She is post graduate diploma in Business Administration.
Duncan married another graduate of the Washington University, Herb Duncan.
She was also the first female graduate of Washington University.
In 1936, he was among the first group of students to enroll in the Fine Arts Graduate Center at NYU.
Gilpin is a graduate of Phillips Exeter Academy (class of 1969) and Harvard University (class of 1973).
He went on to graduate from Harvard University in 1907 and from Harvard Law School in 1910.
In 1962, he became Director of the Division of Graduate Programs in Art and Design at Pratt Institute.
Bellairs is a 1979 graduate of Warren Wilson College, and received his master's degree from Western Illinois University in 1981.
When she was eighteen, in 1990, Eastwood enrolled at UC Santa Barbara (did not graduate) to study acting.
In 2009, with the addition of graduate programs, the company was renamed to Herzing University.
20th CAG was reembarked during August, and Sydney exercised in Australian and New Guinea waters until late November.
Bangladesh toured Zimbabwe in August for a one-off Test and five ODIs.
Rehearsals were held from August to October in Mexico City.
In August a further invitation arrived, this time from the Elders and people.
His father died in a car crash in August.
In June 1968 "Rivers Run Dry" reached number 5 and "Bless You" reached number 6 in August.
In August, 1972, the 3830 controller was withdrawn from the market and replaced by the 3830 II.
The tournament starts at the beginning of the Scottish football season in August or September.
The nesting time is from July to August & egg laying from August to September.
In August of 2015, Legendary Entertainment's digital arm joined as Inkshares lead science-fiction-and-fantasy imprint.
II 244) is a fragment describing a transfer of cattle, written in Greek.
Macalister could make neither head nor tail of it, and declared it to be an ancient fragment of druidic lore.
One story from the sequence, the fragment "The House of Haon-Dor," is omitted.
The following code fragment connects to the Keyword Services Platform server and uses the keyword term forecast Web service.
The measurements of the fragment are 344 by 119 mm.
She loses the Phoenix fragment after Spider-Man baits her and Colossus into taking each other out.
In the presence of pathogen the fragment C3b binds to microbial cell-surface through the newly showed thioester bond.
Angiostatin is a 38 kDa plasminogen fragment with angiogenesis inhibitor activity.
Early Neanderthal jaw fragment, c. 230,000 years old.
The centaur fragment is 45 cm by 55 cm, warrior's face fragment is 48 cm by 52 cm.
In January 2011 Johnson left Milton Keynes Dons when his contract was terminated by mutual consent.
In October, it was announced that Schumacher's contract was extended to a three-year deal worth $31 million.
Palladium Books issued a 2007 press release discussing this new contract: press release"What's getting made".
On June 9, 2013, Kuzmenkovs signed two year contract with Dinamo Riga.
After being released from Paderborn on 7 July 2009, he signed a contract with Rot Weiss Ahlen two days later.
His contract was nonguaranteed until January 10, 2009, after which time the contract would have been guaranteed.
On 4 July 2011, N'Guémo moved from Nancy to Ligue 1 rivals Bordeaux, signing a three-year contract.
On a multimillion-dollar NFL contract, Graham joined with the local New York Magpies club in fundraising activities.
Any person producing information for the media is deemed a journalist, whether on a contract or freelancing.
Following this, Cha signed a new contract with the club, signing a one-year contract extension.
According to the Bologna system, program participants are required to gain 60 ECTS to complete the degree.
He was born in Medicina in the Province of Bologna, and trained at the Accademia Clementina, under Petronio Fancelli.
Ludovisi was born in 1561, son of Pompeo Ludovisi, a patrician of Bologna, and his wife Camillia Bianchini.
Casale was eventually released and returned to Bologna where he had great difficulty proving he was, in fact, Andrea Casale.
The faithful of Bologna organized a nationwide "spiritual pilgrimage" to the pope and the tombs of the apostles in 1873.
It is located around 12 kilometres (7 miles) away from Bologna, the capital of Emilia Romagna.
He is the Chairman of the Italian football club Bologna F.C. 1909.
Five artists from China took part in the art exchange in Rome and Bologna.
In 1991 he also exhibited Graphic Art and Paintings, in Bologna, Italy.
He received his education at the Universities of Paris and Bologna.
He did no contest the seat in 1807, but was re-elected at the 1812 general election.
She represented Sweden in Eurovision Song Contest 1987 with "Boogaloo" after winning Melodifestivalen 1987.
The Snake River Stampede had its humble beginnings as a bucking contest in conjunction with Nampa's harvest festival.
It did not contest the 1937 partial elections in the north of the country.
Czech Republic chose their entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 2008 through a national final, Eurosong, on 26 January 2008.
During the Dionysia a contest took place between three plays, chosen by the archon eponymous.
In 2008-2009 a national essay contest was sponsored with the First Freedom Center, Richmond, VA.
The final of the 2014 contest was held at Christ Church, Oxford.
The party could not contest the May 17, 1959 legislative elections, having been formed too soon before the polls.
Mothering Magazine announces winner of International Breastfeeding Icon Design Contest.
Later conscript officers were introduced with ranks of fanrik to kapten.
During World War I, an act attempted to conscript Six Nations men for military service.
Regional commanders control and administer bases, logistics, and housing, as well as conscript training.
Peter ordered a yearly conscription of 40,000 serfs, one conscript for every nine to sixteen households.
Introduced in 1983, it is awarded to hardworking conscript citizen-soldiers who performed well in their National Service term.
Worthington noted with skepticism that American analysts accepted the claim that 19-year-old conscript Borekzai was the "acting governor of Sheberghan".
The Tunisian army is in part a conscript army.
Following a change in government in 1954 conscript service was reduced to 18 months.
Conscript units, however, were not deemed to be criminal as these individuals had no choice in becoming members.
Harpviken fulfilled 12 months compulsory military service in 1981, and trained as a conscript sergeant with specialization in mortars.
The next major junction is made with U.S. Route 35 in Beavercreek, which is a full-access interchange.
The eastern half of the I-95 interchange was completed in 1977 when I-95 was extended east to Russell Street.
The highway then comes to an interchange with the Turner Diagonal.
Greene Street, the old alignment of US 220, continues north from the interchange as a municipal street toward downtown Cumberland.
After A 1 is completed between the Blankenheim and Gerolstein interchanges, the municipality will be reachable through the Adenau interchange.
The three-level stacked roundabout is a variation on the roundabout interchange in which both roads are grade-separated.
U.S. 70 heads due east, meeting U.S. 385 at Springlake, and having an interchange with Interstate 27 in Plainview.
I-264 surfaces in the city of Norfolk and immediately has an interchange with I-464, which heads south toward Chesapeake.
The project had been developed through TorinoFilmLab Interchange programme in 2011.
On April 30, 2012, construction began on the Laird Road interchange.
The forests were slowly cut down with axes.
Arthur held tea parties in the Throne Room and the Hall of the Double Axes, both subsequently rebuilt.
The rotation can be in a single axis, or in multiple axes together.
Their training involves the use of daggers, swords, and axes, conducted exclusively outdoors and in all weather conditions.
The long axes of the craters all pointed to the northeast.
Red Sanders Anti-Smuggling Task Force DIG Kantha Rao said that the "smugglers" attacked the team with sickles, rods and axes.
The gyros were located under the seats, and had vertical axes, while Brennan used a pair of horizontal axis gyros.
It has four axes of reflection symmetry, aligned with the gridlines and the diagonals, and rotational symmetry of order 4.
Finds included axes, spearheads, arrowheads, scapers, blades, and anvils, mostly of local shale but some also of obsidian.
When the flock gets going, the courtyard gates open wide and axes are thrown.
Tear then decides to escort Luke back to the manor in Kimlasca-Lanvaldear.
Cubitt was assigned to Nore Command, serving in the 21st Escort Group based at Harwich.
Tigranes escaped capture with a small escort.
The convoy escort was ineffective in guarding against the attack.
Her duties included escort of convoys through the Gulf of St. Lawrence.
Through D-Day and the summer of 1944, Reeves continued to escort fast convoys.
Eventually, the destroyer escort picked up the ship's survivors and later transferred them to Crescent City (APA-21).
Escort, nevertheless, allowed the IDF to carry out Operation Raviv, a highly successful 10-hour raid on Egypt's Red Sea coast.
Following repair, she departed Cairo late in June to resume escort duty for convoys bringing supplies to forces besieging Vicksburg.
King Charles of Naples rode up to Viterbo to meet the new Pope and escort him to Rome.
The event was filmed almost 21 years after the Falklands Conflict.
He applied both Marxism and Conflict Theory to an examination of the cultural diversity of modern industrial society.
During the conflict, the IRA took on the role of policing in some Catholic/nationalist areas of Northern Ireland.
Prior to the prolonged conflict, Girdi Kas was famous for its agricultural production.
Thus, the conflict between Lithuania and Muscovy was only just beginning.
Boniface VIII viewed conflict between England and France as a particularly grave matter.
Armstrong had resigned from his employment with the War Office, so there was no longer a conflict of interest.
Although based on The Gordin Cell, the Korean drama was tailored to the current North-South Korean political conflict.
Having had recently come out as bisexual, the revelation caused conflict with some of his loved ones.
The outcome dictates how we refer to a given conflict.
Johnson Motor Wheel was a kit to convert a bicycle into a motorized bicycle.
A Nation challenged-the convert; Shoe-Bomb Suspect Fell in With Extremists.
It is nothing more than a disguised effort to missionize Jews and convert them to Christianity.
With the defeat of the Berber rebellion, none of the Jewish communities was initially forced to convert to Islam.
In 1992, after a long period of neglect, a redevelopment project was considered to convert the building into a hotel.
Captiva Software, also announced in October 2005, added image capture and scanning technologies to convert paper-based documents into digital formats.
Another important convert was Baksaday-Dorji, the grandson of Ayuka Khan who adopted the Christian name, Peter Taishin.
It is difficult to convert mooney viscosity to other units because it is measured in torque.
The military issued field conversion kits (T17 and T18) to convert an M1 to an M2.
The first step is to convert P1 and P2 into their equivalent weak formulations.
These are usually called prosthetic implant abutments.
Those who received cochlear implant stimulation in early childhood (younger than 3.5 years) had normal P1 latencies.
He does as his father instructs as Stephen had reprogrammed the Intersect to remove the Intersect data, not implant it.
The consequences of implant failure depend on the nature of the implant and its position in the body.
In 2015, Stanton Fisher represented numerous women with Poly Implant Prothese (PIP) implants in UK and Ireland.
The implant was approved in Europe in 2009.
Assessment of dental implant stability in osseodistraction-generated bone: a resonance frequency analysis.
In 2004, Bill Steinberg received a cochlear implant to improve his hearing.
Conventional textured or coated implant surfaces are designed to achieve bone-to-implant contact, which is called ongrowth.
The incidence of hip dislocation following hip replacement surgery greatly depends on patient, surgical and hip implant factors.
At the Kai Monastery is a young initiate, given the name Silent Wolf.
In 1978, Pei was asked to initiate a project for his home country.
The receptor complex for IL-10 also requires the IL10R2 chain to initiate signalling.
In December 2009, the FTC announced it would initiate an administrative proceeding against Intel in September 2010.
After the fronts dissipated, deep convection began to initiate near the center.
The emerging combined group may then initiate a recurrent, expansionist process of ethnic and language shift.
The patient can also initiate, plan, execute, and assume responsibilities associated with homemaking.
The Initiate goes back into the Ruins to find the Laboratory passkey to find Attis.
The fraternity, after debate, declined to initiate her.
Indonesians smile a lot to initiate contact, it is highly recommended to smile back in return.
According to the delegate of the Police Section of Osasco, Carlos Eduardo Nunes had been charged for drug possession.
Iowa Democrats reported "discrepancies in caucus results" and confusion over the math of the delegate-awarding system.
He was a delegate to the 1904 Democratic National Convention and the secretary to the Democratic State committee in 1905.
He was ordained by the Apostolic Delegate with the orders of porter, lector, exorcist, and acolyte.
In November 2008, the Northern Mariana Islands held its first election for a delegate to the United States Congress.
Its principal policy-making body is the biennial National Delegate Conference.
In 1943, he was elected and served as a delegate to the first Pro Independence Congress.
He was an alternate delegate to the 1960 and 1964 Republican National Conventions.
In 1814 he was a delegate to the Constitutional Convention.
Every 30 members can also elect a delegate who holds one vote in the congress.
The men guarding the grave take it as an insult and attack them.
It will only serve to offend them and insult their pride.
Paterniti wanted to portray the issue sensitively because she did not want to insult victims of domestic abuse.
Adding insult to injury, the entire 1st squad (with the exception of Pvt.
The court interpreted the demand for proof of nobility as an insult.
Arab culture: the insult of the shoe, The Telegraph, 15 December 2008.
Within two days she was forced to return to Nijmegen, an insult not unnoticed in Prussia.
One of them misheard the other because they were deaf, and a kind remark was mistaken for an insult.
The AEL considered it blasphemous and as an insult to Islam because according to them, the Qur'an explicitly forbids homosexuality.
Fabrique enters, finds Cesar unconscious, finds the playing card and, miffed at Cesar's insult, takes it.
He was accompanied by his two daughters, Alice and Martha, who came to live with Herbert.
She went to live with her aunt whose family name was Wang.
The Ais did not live at the mission and were hesitant to accept this new religion.
Edouard remembered other incidents of those who needed to borrow to live.
The album also featured performances by most of Workman's then current live band.
The band released their 3rd Live DVD entitled "3rd Live DVD flumpool Live at YOKOHAMA ARENA!
Radio Live News took over from the RadioWorks news service, Global News, with the launch of Radio Live in 2005.
In 2007, he played live at the Boston Pops which created a piece of orchestral music with electronic music.
It was originally performed in 1998 and 1999 in live concerts for her debut album Songbird.
Borrowers were now directly registered onto the computer, and a new computer management system went live, "the most sophisticated.
Camardon had 41 caps for Argentina, from 1990 to 2002, scoring 10 tries, 49 points in aggregate.
The winning team typically takes an aggregate time of about 12 hours.
There are a number of items performed from which the aggregate is awarded.
This was the highest aggregate ODI score in England, and the third highest aggregate ODI score overall.
Proof66's aggregate rating ranks the spirit as the #3 vodka among all types of vodka.
Ferro Carril Oeste remains in Primera B Nacional after a 1-1 aggregate tie by virtue of a "sports advantage".
On Metacritic, the album holds an aggregate score of 59/100, indicating "mixed or average reviews".
The aggregate table is the sum of all points and results throughout the entire season, including Cuadrangulares and Finals.
The casualties in the brigade were 11 killed, 40 wounded, and 4 missing; aggregate, 55.
Higher concentrations of bleach are not more effective, and can cause some types of bacteria to aggregate and thus survive.
The caucuses are subject to their own particular rules, which are subject to change from time to time.
Many blogs provide commentary or news on a particular subject; others function as more personal online diaries.
Mac Miller's lyrical focus and subject is different from that of his previous major mixtape Best Day Ever.
Gambling licences are subject to excise in many countries today.
This incident was a subject of derision among analysts and journalists present in the audience.
They may also choose one subject among the following: Agriculture, Art and Design, Computer Studies, Metalwork, Woodwork, French or Music.
Its composition has been the subject of music critics' comparisons to Perry's "Dark Horse".
However, studies are currently underway on the subject, with the first FDA-approved trial beginning in February 2012.
Pyruvate kinase at the US National Library of Medicine Medical Subject Headings (MeSH)Erich Eigenbrodt; Sybille Mazurek.
Sometimes known by other names, such as a Subject to Endorsement Placement (StEP) at Manchester Medical School.
Free beer would traditionally be distributed at these events, which would on occasion degenerate into drunken disorder.
The Nazi Ministry of Propaganda has planned an "exhibition" to burn "degenerate art."
The people participating in Government in an organic manner, not by degenerate democracy.'
Thirteen of her paintings were judged to be "degenerate" in 1937 by the Nazi regime and were confiscated.
However Hitler rejected all forms of modernism as "degenerate art", and the Nazi regime officially condemned Nolde's work.
The figure was exhibited in the National Socialism as "degenerate" and was probably destroyed latter.
The society of Bellamira is morally corrupt and profit-seeking, degenerate, cunning and violent.
One way of eliminating the degenerate conics is to blow up P⁵ along the Veronese surface.
These degenerate cases are usually only used when the summation notation gives a degenerate result in a special case.
That is non-degenerate means there are no non-zero such that for all.
The larva selects and settles on appropriate surfaces using receptors sensitive to light, orientation to gravity, and tactile stimuli.
Cerebral autoregulation refers to the physiological mechanisms that maintain blood flow at an appropriate level during changes in blood pressure.
Concentrations are determined by measuring the ratio of the analyte to the appropriate isotopically labeled internal standard.
Allegations of corruption or the commission of criminal offences are handled by the appropriate law enforcement bodies.
Information about appropriate fungicides specific to a particular area can be found at a local extension office.
In an interactive system this was clearly not appropriate.
Where appropriate, the statutes determine the method by which can be purchased shares in industry.
ONSET, the foundational ontology selection and explanation tool, assists the domain ontology developer in selecting the most appropriate foundational ontology.
More appropriate gelling agents are linear polysaccharides, such as guar gum, cellulose, and their derivatives.
Advertisements are carefully paired with time segments and / or linked with appropriate programming, known as "media vehicles".
In retaliation to this, a report into child sexual abuse in the Northern Territory was commissioned.
Despite his history of child sexual abuse against her, his daughter was instrumental in nursing him in his dotage.
The Making of Addiction: The 'Use and Abuse' of Opium in Nineteenth-Century Britain.
Three days later, police announced that a further seven people had come forward with allegations of abuse by Ball.
Ecological Risk Assessment: Use, Abuse, and Alternatives.
In the hearse with Charlie he discusses the abuse he has received from his wife.
She stated in The Los Angeles Times that the relationship led her to abuse drugs, a claim Sambora denied.
This led to abuse of drugs such as cocaine, which quickly escalated into addiction.
The settlement was the largest settlement ever awarded for a sexual abuse case in Quebec history.
Incidence of drug abuse is minuscule, compared with other industrialized nations and limited mainly to stimulants.
Thus, the School Board had to close the school temporarily.
Retalhuleu, situated in the south, is close to the epicenter.
The exact reasoning for this disruption of the close association between cluster and vessels remains unknown.
Close to the east portals is a 130-foot (40 m) tunnel underpass carrying SW 18th Avenue.
Clarke was a close associate of Arthur Sullivan.
The tendency is aggravated by objects close to the eye, drawing focus closer.
It is close to the Bibi ka Alawa, HEH Nizam's Museum, Salarjung Museum.
Kohlmann claimed he was Fateh Kamel's "right hand man", and was also close to Abu el-Ma'ali.
The plan was to hide 500 infantry and horsemen in small groups close to the city.
It is close to Wilmslow Road in Rusholme.
It is tempting to obtain data for g¹(q;τ) and attempt to invert the above to extract G(Γ).
Golden syrup is a syrup of approximately 56% invert syrup, 44% sucrose.
On this original, I attempted to invert the "tragic" and "magic" or was I just tired?
Invert sugar is produced when sucrose breaks down due to the addition of water, also known as hydrolysis.
Some texts invert the existing nuns in the Torah text and don't add inverted nuns before and after it.
These combine proper rotations with reflections (which invert orientation).
Some electronic musical instruments can invert the ADSR envelope, reversing the behavior of the normal ADSR envelope.
He sees Charlus exchanging knowing looks with the diplomat Vaugobert, a fellow invert.
First the base, or invert, was poured.
Stabilized or "soft" nucleophiles invert the stereochemistry of the π-allyl complex.
Despite this, in 2005 Christopher's own publishing company, Sodor Enterprises, published a book entitled Sodor: Reading Between the Lines.
Elizabeth Margaret Stevens was born on 1930 in Reading, Berkshire, England.
Sandhurst Station has two platforms: Platform 1 for services towards Gatwick Airport and Platform 2 for services towards Reading.
Conversely, a higher reading (~1.02) of the ratio indicates a bearish sentiment in the market.
His interests include rugby, reading and music.
This ranking was based upon that school year's combined math and reading PSSA test scores.
He likes reading horror stories, especially vampire stories like those written by Sheridan Le Fanu or Hugh Walpole.
But if you are going to read ten, reading Lomborg may be worthwhile.
The English Common Reader: A Social History of the Mass Reading Public, 1800-1900.
Widya hobbys are singing, reading, and browsing the internet.
Symmetric arrangements lead to many problems, depending on the symmetry condition.
It is traditionally composed of 85–99% tin, mixed with copper, antimony, bismuth, and sometimes lead, although the use of lead is less common today.
The appliances learn that unless they find a replacement quickly, Wittgenstein's tube will blow and lead to his apparent death.
Pewters containing lead are no longer used in items (such as cups, plates, or jewelry) that will come in contact with the human body due to health concerns stemming from the lead content.
HMS Highflyer was the lead ship of the Highflyer-class protected cruiser built for the Royal Navy in the 1890s.
When freshly cut, lead is bluish-white
He is featured as a dancer and served as lead music video choreographer for several recording artists.
Voice actress Kari Wahlgren was approached specifically for the lead role in the English version of the game.
He eventually lands the lead role as Jesus at Rika's Easter and Christmas pageants.
TLR9 preferentially binds DNA present in bacteria and viruses, and triggers signaling cascades that lead to a pro-inflammatory cytokine response.
Between the rock and chapel, additional steps lead down to the royal crypt of Prince Frederick William Louis's family.
At the start of training camp the following year, Dominique Foxworth suffered a tear to his ACL.
It took a crew of 4, about 6 hours to set up and 4 hours to tear down.
The prevalence rate for traumatic hip injuries that causes a tear of the labrum is very low.
Once reunited with Keller, Cross and Green work to seal the dimensional tear to stop the invasion.
This sets off a series of explosions that tear the facility apart.
They also water-cannoned and tear gassed the Taksim German Hospital.
He was waived with a triceps tear on August 30, and reverted to their injured reserve after going unclaimed.
Taylor's show-stopping performance of the INXS song "Never Tear Us Apart" was considered by many to be his finest moment.
If the injury is caught before a SLAP tear, then physical therapy with stretching and exercise can restore it.
He played bass and shared responsibility for keyboard parts with John Evans on the Tear Off album.
This book was written for the Stratemeyer Syndicate by Harriet S. Adams, the daughter of Edward Stratemeyer, in 1964.
In 1981, the syndication was moved to Field Enterprises, and then in 1984 to News America Syndicate.
She is a former senior writer for The National Law Journal and a columnist for The New York Times Syndicate.
The film was also nominated for the prestigious Grand Prix of the Belgian Syndicate of Cinema Critics.
Harvey's subsequent musical career included long-time participation in the indie supergroup Gutterball, which featured former Dream Syndicate frontman Steve Wynn.
Later that year, Schulz approached the United Feature Syndicate with Li'l Folks, and the syndicate became interested.
It ran 1992-1994 through his future editorial cartooning syndicate, Universal Press Syndicate.
Kane began writing monthly articles on export matters and created Kane Feature News Syndicate about 1920.
The varsity has a syndicate and Academic council.
Beyond the Dream Syndicate: Tony Conrad and the Arts After Cage.
Empress Kezuhun (可足渾皇后, personal name unknown) was an empress consort and empress dowager of the Chinese/Xianbei state Former Yan.
According to Pausanias (ii.16.3), Arestor was the consort of Mycene, the eponymous nymph of nearby Mycenae.
If the Consort visits a Serial Killer or a Werewolf (only during full moon), the Consort will die.
Pedro was the cousin of Leonor Teles, the scandalous but powerful consort of King Ferdinand I of Portugal.
The Baltimore Consort has been a leading early music ensemble for over twenty-five years.
He then calls for the company of his favorite concubine, Consort Yu.
In 1857, the Rector of South Kilworth wrote on Green's behalf to Albert, Prince Consort, enclosing a copy.
Emperor Xianzong honored Emperor Shunzong as Taishang Huang (retired emperor), and Consort Wang as Taishang Huanghou (太上皇后, "retired empress").
He is often depicted with his consort, Rangjung Gyalmo.
Eugénie de Montijo, last empress consort of the French, died here in exile in 1920.
She also testified that the reference to cracker referred to "a pervert."
After the war, a "Pervert Elimination Campaign" was initiated in Washington D.C. by the U.S. Park Police.
POV Pervert is a series of gonzo pornographic films directed by Mike John and distributed by Jules Jordan Video.
They pervert the Scriptures by interpreting them to suit their own purposes (Prescription Against Heretics 17, cf.
He is condescending, has "meaty hands" and is a pervert.
Their accuser, Nadine Milroy-Sloan, was later imprisoned for attempting to pervert the course of justice.
The film's focus is Florida Justice Transitions trailer park, nicknamed "Pervert Park", which houses over 100 convicted sex offenders.
Especially so when 'national' spectacles pervert the perspective of the strategic landscape".
Eileen attacks Gail after she brands Todd a "two-timing, twisted, lying pervert".
His debut comedy album, Pervert, has appeared in the top 40 comedy albums on iTunes.
Tully Hall was designed by architect Pietro Belluschi, and associate architects Eduardo Catalano and Helge Westermann.
He served there until being elected to the Supreme Court in October 1873, serving as an Associate Justice until 1887.
He was accompanied by Peter Baynes and an American associate, George Beckwith.
When New Zealand First formed a coalition with the governing National Party, Kirton was appointed Associate Minister of Health.
Two dimers then associate into a tetramer.
Families may associate and bond with each other, forming what are known as bond groups.
After his departure to launch the children's Dreamcast magazine, Mr Dreamcast, associate editor Keith Stuart took over until issue 19.
Between 1984 and 1987, he served as an associate investigator at the Center for Ulcer Research and Education.
The GPIX cytoplasmic tail is short consisting of 8 residues and is not known to associate with intracellular proteins.
He was promoted to the rank of associate professor at Umm al-Qura in 2006, and currently teaches exegesis.
Act permits Chancellor and cabinet to issue laws without a vote of Parliament and to deviate from the Constitution.
The Chiefs were forced to deviate from their game plan, and that hurt them.
For example, an employee, who chooses to deviate from the script, may fail to serve the customer correctly.
Once budget is approved, the Government has no right to deviate from these sanctions.
Its live performances did not deviate too far from the studio cut.
The details of the plot deviate significantly from the source novel.
The lake has an average elevation of 4,200 feet (1,300 m) which can deviate by 10 feet (3.0 m).
It is tempting for the trader to deviate from the strategy, which usually reduces its performance.
At the interface, these values may deviate from those present within the bulk phases.
If an individual were to deviate from the normative behavior, they would then develop negative self-views.
His mastery of political intrigue sometimes led him to publish books that anticipated crisis events.
It is an adaptation of Friedrich Schiller's 1784 play Intrigue and Love.
She mixes modern electronic modes and Eastern scales and melodies that evoke an air of mystery and intrigue.
It is believed that the dispute was rooted in government intrigue.
Groombridge Place was the main location in this tale of 17th Century intrigue and murder.
The Oldsmobile Intrigue is a mid-size sedan that was manufactured from 1998 through 2002 by Oldsmobile.
As the show evolved, it tended more towards gothic intrigue, including supernatural elements such as vampires and life after death.
In ancient Egypt, the Fifth Doctor and Peri become involved in the intrigue surrounding the accession of a female Pharaoh.
Sicily became the perfect setting to tell stories filled with intrigue and steeped in passion.
Valaya has used his couture creations to tell stories that intrigue him.
Methods of combating the misuse of history for the furtherance of creeds hostile to liberty.
EDS accused CA of breach of contract, including misuse of copyright and violations of anti-trust laws.
The program developed into the Mt Theo / Yuendumu Substance Misuse Aboriginal Corporation.
Often both the alcohol misuse and psychological problems need to be treated at the same time.
In 2002 the UN GA adopted a second resolution on the criminal misuse of information technology.
She cautioned against the misuse of history to diminish expectations of the future.
There have also been works that describe the possible misuse of Wikipedia.
Nevertheless, direct marketing can involve a misuse of databases and the soliciting of unwilling recipients.
Through their frequent misuse, words that should convey real value are emptied of meaning.
Denis McQuail also believes new media needs regulations to avoid misuse of monopoly power.
He was educated at Tipperary Grammar School (The Abbey School), Tipperary Town where he learned the rudiments of rugby football.
Hill was a child prodigy on piano, which he learned from his mother.
She soon learned about corruption because squatters had to pay triad gangs protection money.
Joe learned the intricacies of poker through trial and error, steadily growing a bankroll while playing throughout college.
There is no old age, they have learned the secret of eternal life.
Keyser learned how to play the glockenspiel, hand bells, and various other instruments.
During his formative years, Rolf witnessed inequality and limited economic mobility, and "learned to be angry at injustice".
There he learned to play the guitar.
After Gram learned what happened from Bon's little sister, Shie, he intervened to rescue him.
He and his peers learned from their work and from each other.
With its color and pointillist like visual increment, brick became to expressionism what stucco later became to the international style.
The plan included $20 million in additional tax increment financing.
The increment m is normally a finite fraction in whatever number system is used to represent the numbers.
Liebermeister's rule concerns the increment ratio between an adult individual's cardiac frequency and temperature when in fever.
This can also be played with a small increment.
Increment Specific Training also includes training to deal with off-nominal situations.
The increment may be regarded as a "view tax."
Additionally, for any given click received, advertisers only pay one bid increment above the second-highest bid.
They can then use pads marked "Increment," "Decrement," "Forward," and "Backward" to change settings.
Common time controls for this setting is 2 minutes with one-second increment or 1 minute with a two-second increment.
The German name "Tyrol" was banned, likewise its derivants and compound words such as "Tyrolean" and "South Tyrolean".
The compound can be reduced using sodium borohydride to give the lactone.
Soon after this, the Pakistani tribes were evicted from Baramulla and President Jawaharlal Nehru himself visited the mission compound.
His name is a made-up compound word of elephant and van.
2,5-Dimethoxybenzaldehyde is an organic compound and a benzaldehyde derivative.
It is located at the north end of the ranch compound, facing south.
This compound showed high antifungal activity against Colletotrichum gloesporioides, a pathogenic fungus of papaya.
In literature of the early 20th century, before the invention of compound bows, composite bows were described as "compound".
Coyne lives on a compound of four houses in the same neighborhood in which he grew up.
The Colonel James "Nick" Rowe Training Compound hosts SERE, SFAS, the Q Course and other training courses.
Pierce, Garnett combine to halt Hornet's 5-game streak, Associated Press, March 28, 2008.
Other experiments attempted to combine RF and visible excitation where the latter probed metal ions such as sodium.
The puzzle elements in the first few levels combine to form more complex puzzles as the game progresses.
He was recognized as an Academic All-Canadian, an award for student athletes who combine athletic excellence with strong academic performance.
Hybrids-Electric vehicles (HEVs) combine the advantage of gasoline engines and electric motors.
In 1977, International Harvester introduced the first Axial-Flow rotary combine.
Warlocks combine weapons with special powers from "the Traveler", and are meant to be a form of "space wizard".
NBD-Rhodamine Energy Transfer: In this method, membrane labeled with both NBD (donor) and Rhodamine (acceptor) combine with unlabeled membrane.
Others, such as Helck, Vandersleyen, Bennett combine some of these rulers with the Seventeenth dynasty of Egypt.
Manganese phosphates often combine with iron phosphates through paragenesis.
These simulations and analyses provide vital information in studying product and environmental effects on the human body.
The CAMPHOR questionnaire was developed by Galen Research in 2006 to allow for cost-utility analyses for treatments of PH.
Increasingly, awareness and realization that the evidence required for optimal coverage decisions involved analyses in cost-effectiveness as a fifth criterion.
However, many recent cladistic analyses found Ophthalmosaurus to nest in a clade with Acamptonectes and Mollesaurus.
In addition, the runs conceded by each bowler were not recorded so no analyses or averages can be computed.
However, some phylogenetic analyses continue to find support for the lepospondyl hypothesis.
The ESP also archives samples so that further analyses may be done after the instrument is recovered.
The Mechanical Flight Systems group performs structural calculations, aerodynamic and thermal analyses.
Carbon isotopic analyses of saturated and aromatic hydrocarbon fractions support hydrocarbon generation from a single-source unit.
Some analyses see aspects of shamanism in his writing.
Rabbi Johanan equated "sowing" with "charity," as Hosea 10:12 says, "Sow to yourselves in charity, reap in kindness."
Sayce wrote how Rickly managed to sow together the collection's "various threads with real passion and intensity."
He commissioned Edmund Barclay to write the series As Ye Sow which ran for most of 1937.
He would sow a seed and then wait to see if I would pick up on it.
This sow head relates to the origins of Vajravarahi from the Hindu sow-faced goddess Varahi.
They refuse to put any live animal to death, they sow no corn, and have no dwelling-houses.
What you sow, you have to reap.
The artist was given the choice of a boar, a sow or a ram, and the sow was chosen.
You are unwise, you who sow in another's field, to accuse Eros of being a snatch-thief."
The album spawned three more singles, "First Met You," "Skyscrapers," and "The Seeds We Sow."
She participates in alternative culture, and quits her job in protest when the kindergarten suspends George for nine months.
On February 18, 2013, Bon Appetit terminated an employee for selling Girl Scout Cookies while on the job.
In the season 5 premiere Ryan returns to the Scranton branch after Michael arranges for him to work Pam's job.
The family moved to Oshawa when his father took a job in a dairy.
Lois berates him for losing everything, and is forced to get a job.
Canucks assistant coach Mike Sullivan took over the head coaching job during Tortorella's suspension.
Kelly steered Leicester to safety and in April 2006 was given the manager's job on a permanent basis.
Encouraged by Wilson, Connerly left his government job in 1973.
When Moody turned 17, he moved to Boston to work (after many job rejections) in an uncle's shoe store.
In 1934, Farrell accepted the head professional job at Baltusrol Golf Club in Springfield, New Jersey.
Brix is the measure of dissolved solids in the sap of fruits and plants that correlate with greater nutritive value.
Structural dynamics of synapses in vivo correlate with functional changes during experience-dependent plasticity in visual cortex.
Emotional factors have been found to correlate with sudden conversions.
The current correlate was established by Zhang Cang upon the foundation of the empire.
When predictively profiling a situation, person or object one identifies suspicion indicators that correlate with an adversary's method of operation.
However they did correlate, but only faintly with measures of explicit self-esteem.
It is believed that spontaneous activity in the denervated visual cortex is the neural correlate of visual hallucinations.
The lightness correlate in CIELAB is calculated using the cube root of the relative luminance.
It has been suggested that dioecy in the genus may correlate with abiotic pollination in the cold environment.
The divisions of labor within the nest correlate with the ages of the red paper wasps.
Under the wings of Chinnammu Amma, Kalamandalam Sathyabhama and Kalamandalam Padmanabhan Nair she moulded in to a consummate performer.
Before they can officially consummate their relationship, John's family arrives and catches them trying to sneak out.
In 1992 Grupo Aeroméxico was among other investors that failed to consummate the acquisition of Continental Airlines.
James Berardinelli thought that the explosions and fights were "filmed with consummate skill, and are thrilling in their own right."
We wanted to consummate the new relationship by touring and having a relationship with them.
Ultimately, they decide to consummate their affair and wind up in a seedy hotel.
Yash and Maya consummate their marriage; however, this proves to be their first and last night together.
Charlie suggests going back to the party, but Ava suggests they consummate their marriage instead.
John A. Hardon, S.J., state that intercourse with contraception does not consummate a marriage.
Some time later, Ranveer and Rasal fall in love with each other; they consummate their marriage and she gets pregnant.
Champlin is managed on a daily basis by the city administrator and subordinate department heads.
The subordinate suffix can be followed by either nominative or accusative cases.
Personal infinitive sentences may often be used interchangeably with finite subordinate clauses.
The area has been populated since at least the 10th century and was subordinate to Pskov.
He left his subordinate Jia Xun (賈循) in charge of Fanyang.
Svalbard is subordinate Nord-Troms District Court and Halogaland Court of Appeal, both located in Tromso.
It was headed by a governor, subordinate to the U.S. Governor-General of the Philippine Islands.
Verbless subordinate clauses introduced by an (and) express surprise or indignation.
In the first phase of planning, the centrally determined objectives were divided and assigned to appropriate subordinate units.
Known as the "Titans", VMGRT-253 was a subordinate unit of Marine Aircraft Group 14, 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing.
It was jointly developed by the 710th Research Institute of Chinese Shipbuilding and the Dongfeng Instrument Factory (东风仪表厂).
Dale completed an apprenticeship as an instrument mechanic with BNFL at their Sellafield site.
She sang in a contralto, learning songs by ear, and lacked the ability to read music or play an instrument.
The size of the instrument varies from one pan to another.
This instrument plays an important part in leading the church choir and ceremony every week.
Connecticut inventor John Fitch was an instrument maker working in the later part of the 18th century.
The panchayat resolves any intra-community dispute, as well as acting an instrument of social control.
This acts as an instrument of social control, as well as acting as an informal welfare association.
In surveying, a gyrotheodolite (also: surveying gyro) is an instrument composed of a gyroscope mounted to a theodolite.
The Tribunal was established to implement the Cairo Declaration, the Potsdam Declaration, the Instrument of Surrender, and the Moscow Conference.
In 2007, Pérez again pitched for Harrisburg and also for the Columbus Clippers, Washington's Triple-A affiliate in the International League.
January 2, 2013 - AM 610 becomes a full-time affiliate of the new CBS Sports Radio network.
22.3 would become an affiliate for Mexicanal in 2011.
In 2009 the name of the affiliate school was changed to The Dance Center of Oklahoma City Ballet.
WYKT is a CBS Sports Radio affiliate.
The site was funded through Amazon affiliate links.
It was the AAA affiliate of the Cincinnati Reds.
KKHY will start operations with an initial $15,000,000 budget and as an affiliate member of the Star Alliance group.
Today Delta Air Lines and their affiliate Delta Connection are the only air carriers flying between Huntsville and Atlanta.
Throughout the station's history, it competed against Des Moines NBC affiliate WHO-TV.
Films in this genre are an excuse for showing scenes involving nude or semi-nude women.
The Monitor believed that "underappreciated at the box office, this film is, excuse the pun, quietly powerful."
In their view nothing can excuse terrorism.
Automatism can be seen variously as lack of voluntariness, lack of culpability (unconsciousness) or excuse (Schopp).
Cox believed that industrial progress such as railroads and telegraph lines were no excuse to break treaties with the Indians.
I'm not offering any excuse, I'm heartily sorry," Thigpen told the judge at sentencing.
It was released on February 14, 2013, as the second single from his debut studio album Excuse My French (2013).
He established garrisons with the excuse that they were for protection against the Carthaginians.
Under time constraints, Rockwell made every excuse to avoid all other distracting assignments.
The other lords in the Welsh Marches resented this seizure, feeling that the king's excuse for it was not applicable.
Lipis was blessed with many types of minerals such as tin and gold, and products from the surrounding forests.
Parashurama blessed her, saying "Dheergha Sumangali bhavah," or "You will have your husband alive for your lifetime."
The doors were commissioned and blessed by Bishop Gaydos.
After the Battle of Lepanto in 1521, Pope Pius V instituted the feast of the Blessed Virgin Mother of Victory.
On September 3, 2011, the Cathedral played host to a Votive Mass in honour of the Blessed Virgin Mary.
He was blessed with fertile farmland and adequate wealth.
The church was never blessed or consecrated (perhaps because the land was not given to the church).
Mrukanda Maharishi and his wife Marudhvathi were blessed with son Markandeya Maharishi.
The St. Jude Annex was completed and blessed by Msgr.
It is claimed that she developed a mysterious awareness of the Blessed Sacrament.
Ottey failed by 0.28 seconds to reach her eighth Olympic Games, aged 48 in 2008.
While working on a new novel, on 20 February 2009, Nolan died suddenly, aged 43.
In later life he resided at Pangbourne, Berkshire, and died in London in June 1946 aged 80.
Fane died on 13 December 2009, aged 82.
Bouie died aged 83 in June 2011 following a long illness.
Toward the beginning of 1993, Puccio (aged 20) began dating Lisa Connelly (aged 18).
In May 1947, he was sentenced to 10 years imprisonment, commuted to 7 years and died in prison, aged 58.
Moumita, though, takes good care of aged Pranabendu.
The effective literacy rate (i.e. the literacy rate of population excluding children aged 6 and below) is 62.16%.
Catherine Lydon, sister, unmarried, aged 18, birthplace Ireland.