redo | The HD was a massive redo of the look of the Holden, with a more refined grille, and the extended front fenders that were fought over at GM's design headquarters in Detroit.
upgrade | In December 2021, PBCom submitted an application to upgrade its existing commercial bank license to a universal bank classification with the BSP.
upgrade | [4] The license upgrade provides additional capabilities for PBCOM to invest in non-allied enterprises and allows the bank to expand its product and service offerings.
upgrade | The gear ratios were also revised to match the engine upgrade.
redo | Gymnasts who had vaulted on the incorrectly set apparatus were invited to redo their vaults at the end of the session; Ray accepted this offer and ended up in 13th place with her revised score.
upgrade | [12] The removal of the barbed wire and the border security measures upgrade started in December 2019.
upgrade | 5V RAM if they use DDR3 and the 64 bit CPU; though this is not a recommended upgrade path it works on the D270 -26Dbb and the modification was medium term stable on the test machine running x64 Windows 7 Home using SDR#.
upgrade | Amec (now Worley) were the duty holder contractor and Aker Solutions was the engineering and upgrade project contract.
upgrade | [5] With publication in the Royal Gazette on 24 August, the upgrade became official.
upgrade | Arun Jaitley, during his budget speech in Parliament on 28 February 2015, had proposed to upgrade ISM Dhanbad into an Indian Institute of Technology (IIT).
redo | Time-consuming work assignments had to be redone, even though no need for a redo existed.
upgrade | [19] The upgrade was based on satellite imagery showing an eye,[4] with MFR estimating peak 10-minute winds of 130 km/h (80 mph), and JTWC estimating 1-minute winds of 165 km/h (105 mph).
upgrade | As the player progresses in the game, they can gain new cards for either deck from quest rewards or through shops, upgrade existing cards to more potent versions, or have cards removed from either deck.
upgrade | Although Annual Reports show the railways planned to upgrade the main Western line and build further S class locomotives to haul The Overland services between Ararat and Serviceton, exigencies imposed by the Great Depression and World War II meant the planned upgrade of that service never eventuated.
upgrade | The college takes measures to upgrade the skills of non-teaching staff by conducting workshops and training programmes during vacations, and by conducting sessions on personality enhancement and financial management.
upgrade | [2] It is generally agreed that storage spaces should not be at the top of the building or below grade, but attics and basements are often the most practical space for storage, so many institutions weigh the risks, and opt to upgrade these spaces in terms of structure, insulation, and/or vapor barriers to create a suitable space for storage.
upgrade | This power upgrade was accompanied by a much bulkier and more protective looking costume (as designed by artist John Romita, Jr.
upgrade | He also recently allowed Hammer Industries to drastically upgrade the power of his gauntlets.
upgrade | Details of the project include a 130,000-square-foot (12,000 m2) expansion on the south end of the property, a renovation and upgrade to the existing building, a new 700-seat food court with a new south end mall entrance, and a pedestrian-friendly façade.
upgrade | One of the important upgrade was to incorporating ASuW capability to Yu-3 torpedo so that the submarines would no longer need to carry separate ASuW and ASW torpedoes.
upgrade | In 1956, the building was renovated and enlarged as part of an upgrade to the status of annex chapel for the parish.
upgrade | As part of the double-tracking, upgrade and electrification works of the Rehovot–Pleshet section of the Lod–Ashkelon railway and a large housing and commercial development plan for the area, Yavne East station will be rebuilt in a different location on the railway sometime by the mid-2020s decade.
upgrade | In November 2020, the museum began a seismic upgrade project to rebuild its Great Hall in order to upgrade its resiliency and protect its collection in the event of a major earthquake.
upgrade | In 2014, phase one of a technology upgrade program, aiming to improve reliability and upgrade ageing components, was underway.
upgrade | The upgrade still went ahead however, with vestibules given modifications including marked priority seating and Automatic Train Protection (ATP).
upgrade | As of 26 February 2022, sixteen sets have entered service with the upgrade.
upgrade | The upgrade program resulted in the improved QBZ-95-1 variant.
rethink | He has to rethink his behavior.
upgrade | [15] A project to upgrade this facility began in August of that year.
upgrade | The west refinery's upgrade project, named "Project Odyssey," was extended to the east refinery.
rethink | The theft caused the family to rethink their security arrangements and this led to the painting being offered on loan to the Tate.
upgrade | A major upgrade of the station was completed on 24 October 2006.
upgrade | When enough is earned, they level up their strength like in role-playing games and they can choose one of three status to upgrade such as either their health points, their attack power or upgrade your special attack to take less time to cool down after use.
upgrade | [39] He has also developed a $100 million renovation plan to upgrade The King Center's Freedom Hall Complex, the first major improvement in the center's site and facilities in its 30-year history.
upgrade | 65 million[7] to a group of investors which included Gerry Ryan and Carsales founder Wal Pisciotta, Adam Campbell, Brett Murray, and Ray Weinzierl to buy the park and upgrade it into a more ambitious Theme Park.
upgrade | [93] On February 1, 2017, the Connecticut State Bond Commission authorized $21 million for design work for the station, in addition to funding for the upgrade of a station on the Danbury Branch.
upgrade | [14] By the 1967 model year, all of Ford's vehicles offered this tape player upgrade option.
upgrade | An A$8 million upgrade of the school facilities was completed in 1997.
upgrade | On 18 August 1981, the municipal council voted to grant NOK 200,000 for the upgrade.
upgrade | In 1813 the Duchy was restored to the Electorate of Hanover, which - after its upgrade to the Kingdom of Hanover in 1814 - incorporated the Duchy in a real union and the Ducal territory, including Lunestedt, became part of the new Stade Region, established in 1823.
upgrade | In 2015, she was one of the first of her class to receive an upgrade.
upgrade | In 1813 the Duchy was restored to the Electorate of Hanover, which - after its upgrade to the Kingdom of Hanover in 1814 - incorporated the Duchy in a real union and the Ducal territory became part of the Stade Region, established in 1823.
upgrade | During the Brave Tiger (CM-11) upgrade program, AVDC received an M48A5 for reference.
upgrade | Because people have fairly typical spending patterns through their life cycle, such as spending on schooling, marriage, first car purchase, first home purchase, upgrade home purchase, maximum earnings period, maximum retirement savings and retirement, demographic anomalies such as baby booms and busts exert a rather predictable influence on the economy over a long time period.
upgrade | Specifically to upgrade lines 200S and 400S to full BRT with dedicated (mostly median) bus lanes along almost the entire corridor, a dedicated BRT service with larger than average buses, and upgraded station-like stops.
upgrade | [2] Unlike the first game, the upgrading system was changed to a skill tree with multiple paths and more possible upgrades; a power may have a lethal or non-lethal upgrade.
upgrade | [13] Also intended to yield additional improvements was the upgrade system, which would for the first time level up based on a skill tree.
upgrade | Fort Stewart will get an upgrade in its energy plant to the tune of $22 million.
upgrade | The budget for the Games is $507 million USD, with $170 million reserved for the building of ten new sporting venues and the upgrade of six arenas.
redo | Oracle LogMiner, a utility provided by Oracle Corporation to purchasers of its Oracle database, provides methods of querying logged changes made to an Oracle database, principally through SQL commands referencing data in Oracle redo logs.
upgrade | Players usually play in a third person perspective, but in the PSP version, they can also switch to a strategy based mode where they may build troops and upgrade armies.
upgrade | Tengku Budriah took several initiatives to upgrade the welfare of the people of Perlis.
upgrade | 6 million upgrade which turned the station into a transport hub.
upgrade | [21] The main project during this upgrade was the construction of a new bus interchange which cost $5 million.
upgrade | The unfinished (4 of 8 reactors were producing power and the unfinished 4 were part of an upgrade project started in the 1980s) power station was shut down shortly after German reunification.
upgrade | The king expressed an urgent need for Honolulu to upgrade its street lighting, which at that time was provided by kerosene lamps.
upgrade | Such estimates allow to give a unified approach to the regularity theory of quasilinear, degenerate equations[4][5][6] and relate to and upgrade previous work of Kilpeläinen, Malý, Trudinger, Wang.
upgrade | This project will upgrade State Route 63 – Mooney Boulevard in the City of Visalia from a four-lane to a six-lane divided highway from Packwood Creek to Noble Avenue.
upgrade | 2 availability, the operating system could be used on the R140, R225 and R260, being pre-installed on the R260, accessible via a fileserver (such as an R260) on the R225, and as an upgrade from RISC iX 1.
upgrade | The A540, being practically identical to the R260,[18] could support RISC iX as delivered, whereas A400-series machines required an Acorn SCSI card, with older A400-series machines also needing a memory controller upgrade and "all the appropriate field change orders" to have been performed.
upgrade | This type of supply ship has undergone a comprehensive upgrade of electronic equipment, and has high formation communication capabilities, automatic statistics of materials, and the ability to report to formation command ships.
upgrade | This property redevelopment and revaluation triggered by the upgrade of accommodation lead to not only restructuring of a suburb to the outskirts of the area, but also a change of image, thus putting Haidhausen in competition with Schwabing as a trendy area to live in Munich.
rethink | From this moment on, secrets, lies and traumas from the past come to light, forcing the two sisters to rethink many personal aspects of their lives, such as work, love, friendship and their own relationship.
upgrade | Change has been a constant at the home of the Mavericks as UTA fans and visitors to the facility would be hard-pressed to go to Clay Gould Ballpark consistently in any five-year period without noticing a major upgrade or renovation.
misprint | Sting supposed the latter was due to a misprint in the lyrics Cash was using.
upgrade | However, he noted that the battery is a good upgrade from Spark 3 Pro.
upgrade | Deutsche Bundesbahn agreed in 1969 to the project as it would get more space for tracks for the upgrade of the Rhine Valley line.
redo | In 2019, as part Marvel's House of X and Powers of X relaunch of X-Men comics by writer Jonathan Hickman, Moira's backstory was fundamentally changed, revealing she had been a mutant all along, with a rare power that let her redo her life every time she died.
upgrade | After the player has accumulated 10,000 auras (the in-game currency), they can participate in Village mode, which allocates them a portion of land in a separate map, in which they can build and upgrade various structures to create a functioning village that can further generate more currency for use in both the Village and Adventure modes.
upgrade | In March 2016, over five years after the game's original release, an upgrade to the game's engine was announced for Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, PC, Mac and Linux as well as two new story based downloadable content (DLC).
upgrade | Army planned to end production at the Lima Army Tank Plant from 2013 to 2016 in an effort to save over $1 billion; it would be restarted in 2017 to upgrade existing tanks.
upgrade | They contended that the move was to upgrade Army National Guard units to expand a "pure fleet" and maintain production of identified "irreplaceable" subcomponents.
upgrade | Engineering Change Proposal 1 is a two-part upgrade process.
upgrade | The first M1A1 tanks to receive this upgrade were tanks stationed in Germany.
upgrade | US-based tank battalions participating in Operation Desert Storm received an emergency program to upgrade their tanks with depleted uranium armor immediately before the onset of the campaign.
upgrade | In 1889, the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway (C&O) purchased the narrow gauge railroad and contracted with William Page to do the work to upgrade the line to standard gauge, which was completed on August 20, 1890.
upgrade | A potential upgrade to the upcoming TMS34020 seemed more promising.
upgrade | This was essentially the same machine with a code upgrade.
upgrade | August 1981 saw local businessmen Francis McGinty, John Treadwell, Denis McGinty and David Howe take ownership of the pier from Michael Goss with plans for a major redevelopment, including the possibility of a bar and disco, reintroduction of the dolphins to the dolphinarium and an upgrade of the pier ride offering.
upgrade | In 2007, the hospital will begin a project to upgrade the equipment in the Cancer Treatment Center.
upgrade | The capture unit is located at the Scotford Upgrader in Alberta, Canada, where hydrogen is produced to upgrade bitumen from oil sands into synthetic crude oil.
upgrade | In 2008 the Valley development programme was started aiming to upgrade Lithuanian scientific research infrastructure and encourage business and science cooperation.
upgrade | KLOX had a construction permit to upgrade its license to C2 class and increase its effective radiated power to 45,000 watts, which would have given it coverage in the Des Moines metropolitan area.
upgrade | The upgrades available to the player upon finishing each encounter with an enemy can vary, so the player may not receive the same upgrade by playing the same encounter in two different adventures.
upgrade | It has 3 upgrades that are available in the Powers Store in the game, that can be spent using XP, each upgrade increasing the damage dealt.
upgrade | The power-ups can be used to upgrade each separate weapon respectively.
upgrade | A lead project to upgrade the Mount Isa to Rockhampton corridor, including sections of the Landsborough and Capricorn Highways and surrounding state and council roads, at an estimated cost of $237.
upgrade | [28] That prompted WGRZ to upgrade its newscasts to true high definition on October 29, 2011.
upgrade | With the upgrade of its newscasts to high definition on October 29, 2011, the station introduced an updated version of the logo, which was determined by viewer voting on the station's website.
upgrade | Afterward Bristol was contracted to sell off the redundant aircraft to other interested air forces and offered to include a major upgrade to the avionics system.
upgrade | They've created a child they call Isaac with a Martian upgrade (fatal to adults) that connects him with the Hypotheticals.
upgrade | Another upgrade took place in the 1970s.
upgrade | This upgrade almost triples the peak performance per board, but reduces the per-processor memory and interconnect bandwidth.
upgrade | [90] The upgrade marked the most significant change to Google search in years, with more "human" search interactions[91] and a much heavier focus on conversation and meaning.
upgrade | [109] The upgrade also became notable for the company switching Google Search's underlying technology from HTML to AJAX.
upgrade | The company will commit to developing prototype technologies, components and subsystems to support the advancement and upgrade of the existing or new DE systems, according to army-technology.
upgrade | [31] High upgrade costs are often a reason cited for the slow transition in those regions.
upgrade | [3] Dianmu then moved north-northwestward at speeds between 6-9 kts (11–17 km/h, 7-10 mph) as it winds reached 241 km/h (150 mph), prompting the Joint Typhoon Warning Center to upgrade the storm to supertyphoon status on June 15.
rethink | Over at Kota, Dan's extra helpings of food caused conflict among the tribe while the dwindling food supplies at Fang made them rethink their rationing of food.
upgrade | Sphicas is currently working on the upgrade of the level-1 trigger system of the CMS, preparing for the High Luminosity phase of the Large Hadron Collider at CERN, set to complete by 2026.
upgrade | In February 2017, the Sydney Lyric underwent a $12 million auditorium upgrade.
upgrade | [3] These works completed the upgrade of the whole theatre, encompassing foyers, bars & box office which were completed in 2014.
rethink | They decide to embark on their relationship slowly, but his inability to trust her causes her to rethink the romance and she breaks up with Alfie, within less than a week.
upgrade | One offensive weapons upgrade in 1943 for the Bf 109G – and also used for the Fw 190A – was one that mounted the Werfer-Granate 21 heavy calibre rocket weapon system with one launching tube under each wing panel.
upgrade | [4] In January 2020, the federal government committed $235 million to upgrade and seal the road.
upgrade | As the player progresses through the game, they are given the option to upgrade their character's attributes and abilities, such as the ability to freeze attacking enemies, via several diet-based skill trees and character classes.
upgrade | [13] The NSX GT3 made its racing debut in 2017 and received an Evo upgrade in 2019, followed by an Evo22 update in 2022.
upgrade | 7 mi) single carriageway upgrade to the N52.
upgrade | The Russian team planned to upgrade their facilities before attempting the reaction again.
upgrade | Vastint went on to upgrade facilities, creating a floating laundry, and a floating coal shed and bike store, designed by ARC-ML.
redo | The guys try to redo the bathroom after Mo gives them a floor plan Yvette drew up on what her dream bathroom would look like, and the Henderson men end up making a mess after Marcus fails to reinforce the floorboards after replacing the shower with a tub and it crashes into the kitchen, with T.
upgrade | Dairy farmer and 32-year state Representative Dick Mangus[5] helped oversee the upgrade to state park status in 1983.
rethink | [86] "Philip Davies doesn't even think that the Women’s and Equalities Committee should exist, yet he's about to join it", commented the Green Party MP Caroline Lucas, "perhaps giving him a chance to rethink his views".
upgrade | The railway station has had an upgrade in recent years, including the installation of lifts to benefit the mobility challenged.
upgrade | In September 1998, the Romanian government authorised the upgrade of the existing 24 IAR-99s of the Romanian Air Force with a new avionics suite that was developed in collaboration with the Israeli aerospace company Elbit Systems.
upgrade | The 2007-08 State Budget allocated $37 million of its $362 million train package for the first stage of the project,[9] which funded construction work at Cranbourne station of stabling, a station upgrade and additional parking.
upgrade | In 1992, CAW was required to upgrade the dam for safety which, along with an annual drawdown in reservoir levels, included a US$1 million project which drilled holes in the face of the dam to relieve hydrostatic pressure.
upgrade | The Incas built many of their tambos when they began to upgrade their empire-wide road system during the reign of Thupa Inka Yupanki from 1471 to 1493.
upgrade | The New York DMV is encouraging residents to arrange to upgrade their ID ahead of the deadline at the cost of a replacement ID.
upgrade | The Denali upgrade also included GM's automatic transfer case which allowed for push button transitions from 2-wheel high to 4-wheel high to 4 wheel low or fully automatic switching from 2 wheel drive to 4 wheel drive.
redo | But in this case, we got their models and we had to redo the texture spaces because the way we texture maps is different.
upgrade | The song was available as downloadable content for Rock Band and features an optional Pro Guitar upgrade for Rock Band 3.
upgrade | [8] As of March 2021, direct international flights to either Biratnagar or Bhadrapur Airport in Eastern Nepal from Saidpur have been proposed, pending completion of the currently ongoing upgrade and expansion of Saidpur Airport.
upgrade | In 2018, the Civil Aviation and Tourism Ministry has started the work for expanding Saidpur Airport in Nilphamari to upgrade it to international standards.
upgrade | Seeing the signal problems in this area, Radio One started simulcasting W275BK's format on WUMJ on January 10, 2016, as the recent signal upgrade of WAMJ in 2013 resulted in most listeners moving to the latter frequency, making 97.
upgrade | 0 degrees East & upgrade to DVB-S2.
rethink | This document, included as part of a preface to the first integral translation of a European book to be published, was but one of many written by rangaku scholars at this time implying a need to rethink the Japanese attitude of Europeans as barbarians and of China as the only model for enlightened civilization.
upgrade | [9] He contributed to upgrade the coverage units and led the team in special teams tackles with 27.
upgrade | In 1813 the Duchy was restored to the Electorate of Hanover, which - after its upgrade to the Kingdom of Hanover in 1814 - incorporated the Duchy in a real union and the Ducal territory, including Hipstedt, became part of the new Stade Region, established in 1823.
redo | Greenwood envisioned the new rulebook as not being available before 1985, and thought it would be followed by a gamette featuring the fighting in North Africa (and allowing a redo of the German armour counters while also introducing the Italians), followed by a Russian Front gamette redoing the Russians, and a final gamette featuring the Far East, with Chinese and Japanese troops.
redo | Greenwood's predictions on future gamettes were also inaccurate given the need to redo every counter in the system from scratch; twelve "core" modules would be needed to introduce the wide range of nationalities.
upgrade | Eclipse Aerospace indicated that they intend to upgrade and sell the aircraft.
upgrade | Cabinet had also approved the proceeds of the North Eveleigh sale to go towards a major upgrade of Redfern Station.
upgrade | After the player has accumulated 10,000 auras (the in-game currency), they can participate in Village mode, which allocates them a portion of land in a separate map, in which they can build and upgrade various structures to create a functioning village that can further generate more currency for use in both the Village and Adventure modes.
upgrade | In March 2016, over five years after the game's original release, an upgrade to the game's engine was announced for Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, PC, Mac and Linux as well as two new story based downloadable content (DLC).
upgrade | [5] The upgrade was accompanied with a brief westward turn.
upgrade | On 3 May 2018, the Autostrade company had announced a call for tenders for a structural upgrade of the viaduct to the value of €20,159,000, with a deadline of 11 June 2018.
upgrade | Legacy-free PCs can be more difficult to upgrade than a traditional beige box PC, and are more typically expected to be replaced completely when they become obsolete.
rethink | Eventually, however, the inherent conflict between, on the one hand, letterpress's exacting craft and the limitation in edition size it entailed, and Kornblum's desire to make conditions right for his writers to reach a larger audience, led him to rethink the idea of the press.
upgrade | He also started work to upgrade Mongolian-Japanese relations from Comprehensive partnership to Strategic partnership.
upgrade | On October 4, the Lighthouse steam barge RUBY delivered a work party and the necessary equipment for the upgrade.
upgrade | Ben Travers of IndieWire had a positive response to season four, calling it an upgrade from what he perceived as a "messy and unsatisfying melodramatic" third season, writing that "House of Cards is aiming at authenticity, and–for what feels like the first time–consistently finding it.
rethink | In the book's introduction, Federici states that "there has been the desire to rethink the development of capitalism from a feminist viewpoint, while at the same time, avoiding the limits of a "women's history" separated from that of the male part of the working class.
upgrade | The Faculty of Engineering, Alexandria University has developed a curriculum to upgrade the Graduate Studies and Research based on credit hours system, to provide advanced academic programs to match the development of different fields and to enhance scientific experience to support the rapid pace of development worldwide.
upgrade | In 2016, Castilleja announced its intentions to build an underground parking garage and upgrade and replace buildings to increase enrollment to 540 students.
upgrade | The first upgrade attempt was made in 1990 by I.
upgrade | In 1996 the upgrade program of the IAR 99 was revived with the need for a lead-in trainer for the newly upgraded MiG-21 Lancer.
upgrade | The avionics package is compatible with 5th generation fighter systems and it is inspired by the MiG-21 Lancer upgrade but adapted to IAR 99 needs.
upgrade | On 6 August 1998, the Romanian Government approved the introduction into series production of the upgrade program for 24 IAR-99 Șoim out of which 4 were supposed to be delivered by 2001.
upgrade | In December 2020, Elbit Systems announced[11] they were awarded the contract to upgrade the remaining 10 IAR 99 Standard airframes in service with the Romanian Air Force.
rethink | The economic and political crises of the 1970s and 1980s forced white Afrikaners to rethink the apartheid system.
upgrade | The primary reason for this reluctance to upgrade is that many XMMS plugins (written by third parties) are dependent on the older version of GTK+ to properly function, e.
upgrade | [90] In 2017, the State Government announced upgrade works to extend VLocity services to Warrnambool, Albury and Bairnsdale,[91] and in 2019 announced upgrades to allow them to run to Shepparton.
upgrade | With the completion of the new Avon River Bridge at Stratford and various line upgrade works VLocity services commenced to Bairnsdale in July 2018.
upgrade | [88] The American license-built M256 has also been offered by General Dynamics Land Systems as part of the M60-2000 main battle tank which would upgrade older M60 Patton tanks to have capabilities of their M1A1 Abrams at a reduced cost, though the company has not yet found a buyer.
upgrade | [30] Network Rail did complete the re-doubling of the singled Glendon Junction to Corby section as part of the overall upgrade scheme in March 2018.
upgrade | [32] Although the spine project has been cancelled, the Midland Main Line railway upgrade is in progress with the electrification and modernisation of the section from Kettering to Market Harborough ongoing from December 2021.
upgrade | [40] When originally planned and announced, the line upgrade was costed at £1.
upgrade | [9] She began a short upgrade in November 2022 (to continue until February 2023), in order to integrate the new system.
upgrade | In 1906 the Admiralty decided to upgrade the armament by landing the five 6-pounder naval guns and shipping three 12-pounder 8 hundredweight (cwt) guns.
upgrade | New Federal Communications Commission regulations forced the station to upgrade to a signal strength of at least 100 watts in order to keep a non-commercial license.
upgrade | Unable to convince the college administrators to upgrade the transmitter, in 1989, a newly refurbished WXJX station was broadcasting at 92.
upgrade | [79] The change came as an equipment renovation was already planned; the AM station began broadcasting in HD Radio that December,[80] and after the FM upgrade in 2009, WBAA-FM also debuted HD Radio, initially using an HD2 subchannel to rebroadcast WXPN in Philadelphia.
upgrade | To fulfill the demands of activists to have an independent monitoring committee for Ganges, the government has proposed to upgrade the existing National Ganga River Basin Authority (NRGBA) to the level of an independent commission along the lines of the National Human Rights Commission through a new law.
upgrade | The company also designs performance upgrade packages for existing powertrains.
upgrade | A federal grant was required to repair and upgrade the Ashford Dunwoody Road bridge to withstand floods.
upgrade | An upgrade (expected starting fiscal year of 2010), will improve the extremely high frequency capabilities to Advanced Extremely High Frequency.
