combat | Major Rockey displayed great zeal, initiative and sound judgment in planning and leading many combat patrols against the numerous and active bandit groups infesting the practically unexplored area.
combat | [26] The non-title bout was broadcast by Abema and was held in front of an empty arena, due to measures implemented to combat the COVID-19 pandemic.
combat | The player uses ranged weapons, a spear, and stealth to combat mechanical creatures and other enemy forces.
combat | Aloy spends some years training in combat and survival under Rost's instruction.
combat | According to Carter, the challenging nature of the machines and varied methods with which to battle them brought a real sense of fun to the combat.
combat | Considered the most powerful part of the game, the Focus feature gained approval for complementing the combat in a way that "forces you to become a hunter".
finance | [6][7] Machar also appointed General Simon Gatwech Dual as Army Chief of General Staff, deputized by DCoGS for operations, training, political and moral orientation, logistics, administration and finance.
survey | The village was initially called Newmarket but then became Irwin Square on ordnance survey maps[51] and Ingram Place on census lists, but it was commonly simply known as Waterloo.
imprint | In 1991, the Amiga and Atari ST versions were re-issued in the UK on Prism Leisure's "16-Bit Pocket Power" imprint.
combat | In one last effort, Purbararang asked Indrajaya to fight Guruminda in a pencak silat martial art combat.
combat | Navy during World War II, serving as a combat officer in a destroyer squadron in the Mediterranean and Pacific.
combat | Of the men that flooded Lord Dunmore's camp, some saw combat.
survey | [24] Additionally, a 2010 survey of "scholarly impact," measured by per capita citations to faculty scholarship, found Yale's faculty to be the most cited law school faculty in the United States.
imprint | Rider is a publishing imprint of Ebury Publishing, a Penguin Random House division.
finance | By contrast, in his capacity as advisor on the Indian Financial and Monetary Affairs for the British Government, there is evidence that Keynes advocated "profit inflation" in order to finance war spending by the Allied forces in Bengal.
finance | [82] Historian Peter Pugh has stated that a key cause of the economic problems afflicting America in the 1970s was the refusal to raise taxes to finance the Vietnam War, which was against Keynesian advice.
finance | But let goods be homespun whenever it is reasonably and conveniently possible, and, above all, let finance be primarily national.
survey | In that year, the Federation for the Support of Jewish Philanthropic Societies of New York City was formed partially because of a survey he made of fourteen other cities that made their own federations.
combat | The game features multiple game modes which are primarily focused on combat racing.
combat | The first game mode, Power Race, is a hybrid of both racing and combat.
combat | [8] The second pack, entitled Gladiator Pack brings six new combat arenas into the game.
combat | Prince Edward shared in the king's expedition to Calais in the last days of 1349, came to the rescue of his father, and when the combat was over and the king and his prisoners sat down to feast, he and the other English knights served the king and his guests at the first course and then sat down for the second course at another table.
combat | [48] The combat lasted until a little after 3 pm, and the French, who were utterly defeated, left eleven thousand dead on the field, of whom 2,426 were men of gentle birth.
survey | Though he admitted to having an extramarital affair, Binay said that the leaked photo was part of "black propaganda" against him, because of his high ratings in a vice presidential survey conducted prior to the leaking of the photo.
survey | The alleged "black propaganda" device had little to no effect on the campaign of Binay, who closed the gap of votes between him and leading vice presidential candidate Senator Manuel "Mar" Roxas II in a survey.
survey | Binay initially showed a relatively poor performance in public opinion polls, trailing behind senators Loren Legarda and Mar Roxas, the latter of whom was heavily favored to win the race, but Binay's standings improved as the elections approached, overtaking Legarda and tying with Roxas in the final survey conducted.
survey | [30][31][32] However, in a Pulse Asia survey released in September 2015, he placed third after senators Grace Poe and Mar Roxas, the latter of whom was the ruling Liberal Party's presidential candidate.
replay | The instant replay showed that Hopkins stayed in bounds, but the play could not be challenged due to an NFL rule that says a play where a player is ruled out of bounds cannot be challenged.
survey | [4] In 1911, 1912 and 1915, Minto was sent to Hudson Bay for survey work.
torment | Dan is determined to explore these coordinates in order to end the torment once and for all.
replay | The replay saw St Finbarr's make no mistake.
replay | He later won a second Munster medal following a 6–4 to 2–2 defeat of Clare in a replay.
replay | 11 October 1931 was the date of the replay and proved to be just as exciting a contest as the first game.
replay | As the All-Ireland saga went to a third meeting on 1 November 1931, Kilkenny's captain Meagher was ruled out of the game because of broken ribs sustained in the first replay.
imprint | It was later acquired by Hobby Japan, who have published twelve volumes since December 2018 under their HJ Novels imprint.
imprint | It was later acquired by Hobby Japan, who began publishing it as a light novel with illustrations by Tea under their HJ Novels imprint on December 22, 2018.
survey | [10][26] The same average figures for a survey of 126 eagles in 1932 were 3.
survey | [8][69] They have also been reported to attack and destroy unmanned aerial vehicles used for mining survey operations in Australia.
survey | In 1864, during the Civil War, the Union Army sent 83 soldiers to the island to establish Camp Santa Catalina Island, both to protect the area from Confederate privateers and survey the isthmus and adjacent Catalina Harbor for the Bureau of Indian Affairs as a location for a future Indian reservation for "militant" tribes captured in the Bald Hills War.
survey | In order to improve transport of the coal, the Marquess of Rockingham asked John Varley to survey a route from the Don to either Cinder Bridge or Sough Bridge near Greasbrough.
survey | Again, no action was taken, but a third survey was commissioned in 1778, this time by William Fairbank.
combat | The world's defense has fallen to unlikely straits because the aliens are excessively cute, of which combat engagements are televised: if the forces battling the aliens were not cute themselves, the general public would revolt, as it would be seen as "bullying".
combat | The girls find that despite Kiku-chan's cuteness, it's useless in combat.
finance | During his time in the finance ministry, he earned a master's degree in public administration from Harvard Kennedy School at Harvard University in the United States.
finance | A lease contract is of shorter duration (10–15 years) and the responsibility to finance most of the infrastructure remains with the municipality.
survey | In his statistical survey of famous Persian romances, Ḥasan Ḏulfaqāri enumerates 59 'imitations' (naẓiras) of Layla and Majnun as the most popular romance in the Iranian world, followed by 51 versions of Ḵosrow o Širin, 22 variants of Yusuf o Zuleikha and 16 versions of Vāmiq u ʿAḏhrā.
survey | [1] The break came after a survey had shown that only 11% of young Lithuanians considered that the LLKJS should have remained in the VLKSM.
survey | " The company was quoted as saying "We have been given a licence by Network Rail to clear and survey the line.
survey | The Draft Declaration starts with a brief survey of the history of the Russian Revolution, recounting the "First Revolution" that overthrew the Tsarist autocracy and established a government of the bourgeoisie, followed by the "Second Revolution" that put the Bolsheviks into power.
finance | While the Draft Declaration insisted on the replacement of finance capitalism with communism, it recognized that a monetary system would temporarily need to be maintained in an adapted form, in which compulsory taxation would be abolished and replaced with voluntary contributions.
combat | Also in 2015, the Ministry for Education and Employment introduced a policy for trans, gender variant and intersex students in schools, aiming to promote inclusion and combat discrimination.
combat | The eponymous Radiant Citadel was designed to be a vibrant, melting pot city that serves as a place of respite for the players instead of a more crime or combat focused city.
combat | "Frankly," Collins observed, "I do not know what happened between 1968–1970," believing that "if the ARVN combat units had improved as much as indicated by General Peers, somewhere along the line they had again slipped back a long way.
survey | News for its national survey.
survey | News & World Report survey (this section comprises 25% of the ranking).
mandate | On September 22, 2018, Pope Francis lifted the excommunication of Joseph Huang Bingzhang and other bishops previously appointed by the Chinese government without a pontifical mandate.
combat | Many of the systems criticized by the Defense Reform Movement, particularly the F-15 Eagle and the M-1 Abrams tank, however, performed well enough in the Gulf War and other combat arenas.
combat | Meanwhile, the Marxists, identifying the war as a sideshow between rival empires and desiring a proletarian revolution, chose a path of agitation disproportionate to their negligible combat strength and diametrically opposed to the "constitutionalist" approach of Senanayake and other Ethnic Sinhalese leaders.
combat | During World War I, the fort only took a support role for the front, and did not see any combat.
combat | On November 9, 1944, the Air Force sends no less than 1,299 heavy bombers, B-17s and B-24s, and drops 3,753 tons of bombs, and 1,000 to 2,000 books on the fortifications and strategic points in the combat zone of IIIrd army.
survey | In 2002, Spathari helped the Nemea Valley Archaeological Project, sponsored by Bryn Mawr College, an archeological survey and excavation of Tsoungiza on Peloponnese.
survey | Returning to Cavite, the hospital ship was subsequently found to be unseaworthy by an official survey and became a stationary, floating hospital and dispensary.
survey | A 2006 University of New Hampshire survey found that New Hampshire residents who had moved to the state from Massachusetts were mostly Republican.
mandate | This mandate was later extended until the end of 2016 and expanded the geographical and functional scope to the entire Sahel region.
survey | In 1910 Stanley and Earl Grey sailed to Hudson Bay and Hudson Strait to survey the routes to Churchill and Port Nelson, Manitoba, returning to the area in 1912.
mandate | WXXA-TV shut down its analog signal, over UHF channel 23, on June 12, 2009, the official date on which full-power television stations in the United States transitioned from analog to digital broadcasts under federal mandate.
combat | He attended part-time, with 50% of the material covered on a correspondence basis whilst he was deployed in combat.
combat | [22][23] In 2013, a US-style justice reinvestment program called Maranguka was put in place to combat offending.
combat | [8] In response, several professional organizations such as the American Library Association (ALA), the Freedom to Read Foundation, and the National Coalition Against Censorship[9] have employed various initiatives to help combat book censorship in all its forms.
imprint | Author Steven Heine writes, "Areas where the influence of — or the reaction to — Ōbaku left an imprint on Japanese Buddhism is manifold, and its impact even reached the fields of Japanese cultural techniques, such as printing and painting.
survey | According to the Office for National Statistics (ONS) based on population survey figures from 2019, people from ethnic minority backgrounds make up 14.
combat | Originally capable of seating 60,000 spectators, it was used for gladiatorial combat.
finance | In 1998, the John and Dorothy Shea Foundation announced a $7 million grant to partially finance the construction of new academic, athletic, and multi-purpose facilities on the campus.
replay | After a 2–2 draw at Huddersfield on 4 January 1958, Charlton won the replay in London on 8 January, 1–0, before a much larger crowd.
combat | After combat missions ended, the squadron moved to Sint-Truiden Airfield in Belgium in July 1945, where it conducted photo-mapping and intelligence-gathering flights over Europe and North Africa which came under the name Project Casey Jones.
combat | Power's initial goal of maintaining one third of SAC's planes on fifteen minute ground alert, fully fueled and ready for combat to reduce vulnerability to a Soviet missile strike.
finance | Audi's strong background in finance caught the attention of the senior management of CNBC Arabiya.
combat | These 5 groups all come together to combat housing insecurity.
survey | They were reclassified as survey ships in 1906 and were sold for scrap in 1910 and 1912.
combat | [22] Hiei was repaired after the battle and both ships were present during the Battle of Weihaiwei in early 1895,[21] although neither saw any significant combat.
survey | They played a minor role in the Russo-Japanese War before they were reclassified as survey ships in 1906.
survey | [8] In 2013, Sarawak Workers Party (SWP) reproached, had urged all Dayaks to accept an announcement of a RM30 million fund by the Prime Minister for NCR land perimeter survey under Section 6 of the State Land Code exercise which would keep the NCR as communal reserves land.
survey | Accurate survey work beginning in the 19th century required several arc measurements in the region the survey was to be conducted, leading to a proliferation of reference ellipsoids around the world.
combat | After the liberation of the area by Allied Forces in 1944, engineers of the Ninth Air Force IX Engineering Command began construction of a combat Advanced Landing Ground outside of the town.
mandate | Palestine was a mandate dependency created in the peace agreements after World War I from the former territory of the Ottoman Empire, Iraq.
mandate | The French government in 1936 attempted to grant independence to its mandate of Syria in the Franco-Syrian Treaty of Independence of 1936 signed by France and Syria.
mandate | Belgium held the colony of the Belgian Congo and the League of Nations mandate of Ruanda-Urundi.
combat | Many of them received medals and other recognitions for their outstanding actions in combat.
mandate | South Africa held authority over the mandate of South-West Africa.
imprint | [2] Previous to the founding of Capra Press, Young had been producing volumes under the imprint of Noel Young Editions and Capricorn Press.
finance | [9] The loss of IMF funds forced the government to finance its debts through Central Bank advances.
mandate | The Center for Substance Abuse Treatment (CSAT) was established in October 1992 with a Congressional mandate to expand the availability of effective treatment and recovery services for alcohol and drug problems.
finance | This university is the second-oldest business school established in Greece, while the Department of Banking and Financial Management is the country's oldest academic department in the area of finance.
finance | The origin of the name according to a family legend told to David Benvenisti, a prominent Israeli scholar, by his grandfather Benvenisti Shemuel Yosef, a prominent Jewish leader in Salonica, in the beginning of the 20th century is: "When our forbearers dwelt in Spain, one of the kings had a Jewish finance minister who also served as royal physician.
survey | [9] Temeraire's later Baltic service involved being dispatched to observe the Russian fleet at Revel, during which time she made a survey of the island of Nargen.
combat | The list includes armed vessels that served during the war and in the immediate aftermath, inclusive of localized ongoing combat operations, garrison surrenders, post-surrender occupation, colony re-occupation, troop and prisoner repatriation, to the end of 1945.
finance | On 10 June 2020, LexShares confirmed the introduction of LexShares Marketplace Fund II (LMFII), a dedicated litigation finance fund with a target size of $100 million.
finance | [157][158][159] The health minister at the time, Greg Hunt, was understood to have agreed to Morrison's position administering the health department; however, the finance minister, Mathias Cormann, was unaware that Morrison had appointed himself in a joint ministerial position.
survey | A post-election study conducted by the Australian National University in December 2022 revealed that Morrison was the most unpopular major party leader since the beginning of the survey in 1987.
survey | 490), while Sears (1997, a critique of Crano) counter-argues that Crano's survey experiments define it objectively.
survey | Sears argues that, actually, evidence for this is conflicting: The survey literature has rarely found significant effects of self-interest, while the experimental literature finds significant effects.
combat | From this view issues to be fixed, ID’d and solutions set up to combat such issues.
survey | ) Molecular clock and fossil dating give a wide range of dates for the split between echidnas and platypuses, with one survey putting the split at 19 to 48 million years ago,[7] but another putting it at 17 to 89 million years ago.
combat | To combat this and help raise awareness, international environmental organizations have joined forces with local island communities.
combat | Agaricus bitorquis may be found growing solitary or in small groups in gardens (noted as growing in a gregarious manner), and at roadsides, usually on the pavement, often where salt is applied to combat ice in winter.
combat | An initial combat information and control system Plashnet-41 was used.
survey | Conservation actions proposed include to survey to assess abundance, elevational range and habitat requirements at key sites and to assess whether the species is present in poorly surveyed areas of Mindanao Ensure the effective protection of remaining forest at key and potential sites.
combat | It was filmed in the spring of 1944, but was held back for a year because Paramount had a backlog of product and felt it was more important to get war-related films released first, lest they suddenly become dated by the impending end of combat.
combat | Provide assault support transport of combat troops, supplies and equipment during expeditionary, joint or combined operations.
combat | During this deployment, the squadron flew 5,199 combat flight hours, transported more than 2,100 wounded personnel and conducted 19 raids and assault support missions that led to the capture of numerous insurgents.
combat | During this time period, which began February 19, 1995, the squadron flew 9,100 combat hours during three combat deployments.
combat | On February 3, 2007, HMM-161 embarked upon its fourth combat deployment in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom and the Global War on Terror by sending a small advance party back to Al Taqaddum, Iraq to prepare for the arrival of the Squadron's Main Body on March 1.
combat | VMM-161 completed its operational training requirements to the MV-22 Osprey and became a fully capable, combat ready tiltrotor squadron in April 2011.
combat | Shortly thereafter, in July 2012, the Greyhawks deployed to Afghanistan to support Operation Enduring Freedom as the first combat deployment for the MV-22.
survey | [18] This volume represents the only full report of Puleston's Tikal survey and also covers several related sub-projects, including excavations of Tikal satellite sites.
finance | [4] This bank, operated by students during lunch, provides all the amenities of a standard bank while also helping students learn firsthand the principles of finance.
imprint | The band recorded their final album (their second with Corbitt), called Slaves to the Grave, which was self-released by the band on their own Rigor Mortis Records imprint in 2014.
combat | Karthigesu, sitting as a judge of the High Court in Taw Cheng Kong, sought to succinctly express the reasonable classification test as a means to combat three forms of arbitrariness.
survey | Environmentalists were disappointed by the decision, indicating that the loss of the train service would increase the use of passenger cars by citing a 2016 Amtrak survey that found 57 percent of passengers in Indiana would drive to their destination if the service was canceled.
recap | The first phase of the online voting began on 22 November 2019 when a recap of all the rehearsal performances was shown on the contest's website Junioreurovision.
finance | He is currently the vice president for administration, finance and student affairs[1] at Nawroz University, a private higher-education university based in Duhok, Kurdistan Region, Iraq.
mandate | Heneker is often absent from city council meetings; consequently, he cannot complete his mandate as mayor.
replay | [16] He retained his position for the replay a week later, however, Kilkenny suffered a 1-28 to 3-15 defeat.
mandate | In pre-Title IX America, "girls' basketball in Iowa did not need a federal mandate to be more popular than boys’ basketball.
survey | The forest area is identified by the compartment numbers in forest records like the survey numbers in land records.
finance | The milk is mostly sold to traders from Dhule city, who also finance for buying the buffaloes.
combat | There are also another 32 government funded childcare and mother-care centers (Anganwadi) within the village as part of the Integrated Child Development Services program started by the Indian government to combat child hunger and malnutrition in 1975.
survey | [5] According to the annual Academic Excellence Survey by ARWU, the Fields Medal is consistently regarded as the top award in the field of mathematics worldwide,[6] and in another reputation survey conducted by IREG in 2013–14, the Fields Medal came closely after the Abel Prize as the second most prestigious international award in mathematics.
combat | With severe combat attrition of the F-105 inventory, the need for a more sophisticated aircraft resulted in the conversion of 36 F-4C Phantom II aircraft, designated F-4C Wild Weasel IV.
combat | This modification consisted of removing the gun and replacing it with the APR-38(t) Radar Homing and Warning Receiver (later upgraded to the APR-47), and a cockpit upgrade for the back seat to manage the electronic combat environment.
combat | F-4Gs from George AFB, Clark AB and Spangdahlem AB saw combat during Operation Desert Storm in 1991, successfully protecting strike packages from enemy air defenses.
replay | If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week.
replay | Nine matches were drawn and went to replays, though none of these then resulted in a second replay.
replay | The Stoke City – Swansea Town match went to a replay in the midweek fixture, with Swansea winning the tie.
mandate | Al Dhafra Petroleum is a dynamic and efficient upstream company with a mandate to maximize the UAE's natural resources.
imprint | Knorozov's later research findings would be published by the IEA under its imprint.
torment | Senapo is delivered from this torment by Astolfo, a paladin from the court of Charlemagne.
finance | Jitsugyō no Nihon covered articles about economy, finance and current affairs.
finance | [36] He was not only chief minister but also finance minister, and became police minister in 1980 when the KwaZulu Police was established.
combat | The tactical crew of a modern military aircraft are the crew members trained and skilled in the use of the aircraft and its warfare systems during combat.
combat | Under Gómez's orders, Carrillo fought in Santa Cruz del Sur, the second combat of the Battle of Jimaguayú, La Sacra, Palo Seco and Las Guásimas, between 1873 and 1874.
survey | In 1851, he became instructor at the Yale (now Sheffield) Scientific School, and from 1853 to 1855 he was chemist to the geological survey of New Jersey.
combat | The system changes include the addition of Conditions and Tilts, which are usually-temporary traits that can impact characters' abilities; while Conditions apply at all times, Tilts usually directly affect combat.
survey | Over half of users in a 2020 survey could not tell the difference between a normal Google result and a Google Ad.
replay | There is a Replay a Game feature where players can replay a mini-game that they have previously unlocked.
survey | Since its origins, the foundation has been interested in aiding the nation's shipbuilding and maritime efforts, leading it to support both a display of a North Korean spy vessel that had been sunk by the Japanese Self Defense Forces, and a survey of Okinotori Island.
finance | She helped finance and guide early Methodism and was the first principal of Trevecca College, Wales, established in 1768 to train Methodist ministers.
survey | [3] The first exhibit curated by the new museum was "the first survey show of Paul Gauguin in the Boston Area.
survey | This year the museum displayed the first survey of dada and surrealist art.
survey | [2] The museum moved for a third time in as many years in 1940 to 210 Beacon Street and put together Frank Lloyd Wright's first museum survey in the United States.
survey | The museum stayed on Beacon Street until 1943 when it moved to 138 Newbury Street and assembled the first African American artist survey in New England, including works by Romare Bearden and Jacob Lawrence among others.
survey | For the next several years the ICA exhibited many touring and self-curated shows, including a 1950 survey of Edvard Munch including his famous work The Scream, a 1952 survey of Wassily Kandinsky including works never seen in the United States, and the first retrospective of Milton Avery in 1953.
survey | In 1956 the museum moved once more, this time to the School of the Museum of Fine Arts at 230 The Fenway, where in 1958 it organized the first United States museum survey of Roberto Matta.
survey | Later in decade the ICA exhibited works by Allan Sekula in his first museum solo show in 1986, held the New England Premiere of the film True Stories by David Byrne, in 1986, who attended the screening, and in 1989 displayed both the first United States survey for Chris Burden as well as the first dedicated major exhibition of the Situationist International movement.
combat | [4] She served in Afghanistan for two months in 2016 as part of both Operation Freedom's Sentinel and Operation Resolute Support, acquiring 163 combat hours.
survey | Polls are listed in reverse chronological order, showing the most recent first and using the dates when the survey fieldwork was done, as opposed to the date of publication.
survey | The highest percentage figure in each polling survey is displayed with its background shaded in the leading party's colour.
finance | In finance and law, issued shares are the shares of a corporation which have been allocated (allotted) and are subsequently held by shareholders.
survey | Historians, literary critics, and popular reviewers all lauded From Dawn to Decadence as a sweeping and powerful survey of modern Western history, and it became a New York Times bestseller.
combat | Though combat reports of action stoppages were not uncommon, most of these could be overcome by manually cycling the action.
combat | At the outset of World War II, M1917 and M1918 Marlins were also sent to Britain for use by the Home Guard, but were never used in combat.
finance | In 2006, the city council incorporated Northgate as a special tax zone to finance additional improvements and expansions.
combat | Blake was then transferred to eastern Spain to combat Marshal Suchet's advance on Valencia.
combat | It was revealed that Molly had three sons from her three different suitors, and each one of them died in combat during World War II which is currently waging.
combat | Nevertheless, the crew continued to carry out the combat mission.
combat | The 603rd short-range bomber regiment operated directly under the commander of the Air Force of the Western Front and during the First Rzhev-Sychev operation performed combat missions in the interests of the Western Front.
combat | In 1944, he prepared 26 young pilots for combat work.
combat | [2] Thanks to the work of Pomazunov, the navigators of the division demonstrated high combat skills, most of the navigators became snipers for bombing strikes.
mandate | " The Act further repealed the hitherto Nigerian Consumer Protection Council Act and transferred its core mandate to the new Commission.
imprint | Coinciding with the preparation for the 2004 reissue of the film, Stax Records (by this time an imprint of Fantasy Records and later Concord Music Group) released the Wattstax: Music from the Festival and Film three-disc collection, containing remastered versions of live performances from the Wattstax concert and the ancillary Los Angeles shows seen in the film.
finance | Attempts in 1847 and 1848 to repeal this clause failed and the company failed to raise the necessary finance to start work, its powers lapsed and was wound up.
survey | [1] His 1997 survey The Austrians, a history of the fall of the Austro-Hungarian Empire and the demoralized Austrian rump state's consequent struggles to find a new identity for itself, inspired a television series.
finance | Framing biases affecting investing, lending, borrowing decisions make one of the themes of behavioral finance.
combat | Two alternative programs to combat the disease have been proposed.
combat | [8]: 27 Determined to combat the Central Powers and Russian forces hostile to its interests, the head of the French military mission in Iași, General Henri Mathias Berthelot, began pressuring Romania to occupy Bessarabia.
combat | Meanwhile, Soviet success against the Ukrainian troops allowed the creation in Odesa of a Supreme Collegium to combat the Romanian and Bessarabian counter-revolution, whose leader, Christian Rakovsky, was tasked by the Council of People's Commissars with the task of "driving the Romanian counter-revolutionary forces out of Bessarabia and provoking a revolutionary movement in Romania".
mandate | In late February 1945,[1] when the defeat of Germany appeared imminent, the Supreme Headquarters Allied Expeditionary Force (SHAEF) was provided with a mandate for dispatching troops whose mission would be to secure the safety of Allied Prisoners of War and to provide for their early evacuation.
survey | In an annual survey run by the British broadsheet newspaper The Times, Aberdeen Grammar was rated the 15th best Scottish state secondary school in 2019, and second in Aberdeen behind Cults Academy.
combat | {The sunken vessel was the guardship "Takashiro Maru"}[26]Tambor ended her last war patrol at Pearl Harbor on 30 November 1944, to be retired from combat.
combat | Fully equipped laboratories are set up to combat the fungal, bacterial, viral, viroid and phytoplasma diseases of fruit crops, vegetable crops, ornamental and medicinal crops.
mandate | CHES Chettalli: The station works on the mandate crop of mandarin out of an area of 92 hectares in Coorg.
replay | Only an effective Union rear guard action prevented a replay of the First Manassas defeat.
combat | Hand-to-hand combat ensued in the woods to the west of Sudley Road as Krzyzanowski's brigade clashed with Gregg's.
combat | Taken by surprise, the Georgians fell back and fierce hand-to-hand combat ensued.
survey | According to census survey report 2011, 93.
combat | Heroes maintain special tactical advantages, in the way of their statistics, attack, and damage types, as well as abilities that can be learned and enhanced through leveling up from combat.
combat | The group flew the Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress as part of the Eighth Air Force's strategic bombing campaign and entered combat on 13 May 1943 by attacking an airfield at Saint-Omer.
combat | The 390th began combat on 12 August 1943.
combat | The 390th Bomb Group flew its last combat mission on 20 April 1945.
finance | After unsuccessful attempts to persuade many producers to finance the project, Ray started shooting in late 1952 with his personal savings and hoped to raise more money once he had some footage shot, but did not succeed on his terms.
finance | One of his most expensive projects, the film was also difficult to finance.
imprint | Springboard Press was an imprint of Grand Central Publishing, which is a part of Hachette Book Group USA, that published non-fiction from authoritative and celebrated authors on topics that relate to and interest Baby Boomers.
finance | As part of this strategy, Bob formed a division called Christian AID (Assisting Indigenous Developments), to help finance the ministry work of returning students to their country.
combat | In fact, the king wants to declare Rodrigue above the law, but the other knights are opposed, offering to take up the challenge on her behalf against the "Cid" in a trial by combat.
combat | The king yields to the majority opinion and allows Chimène to accept the offer of Don Sanche, another knight who is in love with her, to represent her in combat.
combat | She is in despair about the terrible choice she has been forced to make, but she strongly believes Rodrigue can never be defeated in combat.
combat | Their camaraderie originated due to the "terrible stuff going on in the world right now, it's like when you're a creative person you do your best to try and combat evil with creative stuff, so that was kind of the vibe.
replay | St George lost the replay 27–2 at the Sydney Sports Ground, Flower was injured for the match and was replaced by Alf Sadler.
combat | It is part of the larger discipline of combat assessment.
mandate | Apart from maximising education, research and knowledge-exchange collaborations between the universities, Ramadge had a mandate to develop "moonshot" initiatives to pursue solutions to pressing global challenges.
finance | Gerhard Schick (born 18 April 1972) is a German economist and finance expert who heads Finance Watch Deutschland.
mandate | In 1990, master instructor Lu Yi was hired[2] with the mandate of developing the most comprehensive Chinese acrobatics program outside of China.
survey | In 1995, it topped the small family car class in a reliability survey of 4-6 year old cars undertaken by the German Automobile Association (ADAC), with 5.
survey | An entire chapter is devoted to Zichy in Piano Music for One Hand by Theodore Edel (Indiana University Press), a comprehensive survey of music written for those pianists who have the use of only one hand.
finance | During the campaign for the July 2009 presidential election, Ondongo worked on President Sassou Nguesso's re-election campaign, heading the campaign's finance and budgetary control department.
finance | [12] In the government appointed after the election, on 25 September 2012, Ondongo retained the finance portfolio and was additionally assigned responsibility for planning; he was also promoted to the rank of Minister of State.
mandate | Concession is not a legal mandate.
combat | In 2008, the Justice and Equality Movement engaged in combat in the city with the Sudanese Armed Forces as part of the War in Darfur.
combat | The city saw extensive combat during the 2023 Sudan conflict between the armed forces and the Rapid Support Forces (RSF), affecting Khartoum International Airport and other critical sites.
finance | The centralization of such powers, which India has been described as having "made too much use of,"[53] also included the central government using Punjabi money to finance other regions of India by channelling a high proportion of agrarian and commercial savings deposits to the banks of other states.
survey | 07 km north of the coastal point formed by Ephraim Bluff (Bulgarian topographic survey Tangra 2004/05).
imprint | Lexham Press is the in-house publishing imprint of Faithlife, LLC.
replay | If extra time was drawn, there was a replay at the ground of the team who were away for the first game.
combat | [17] On 12 December 2016, the first 40 Taurus KEPD 350K missiles were delivered to the ROKAF,[18] which began deployment for combat use on 22 December 2016.
finance | It eventually got some finance through the New Screenwriters Scheme of the NSW Film and TV Office, through which Bill Bennett agreed to mentor Mansfield.
combat | The question of whether the lieutenant generalcy should be a permanent personal grade or a temporary ex officio rank was phrased in terms of the line of the Army, whose officers commanded combat formations, and its staff, whose officers performed specialized support functions.
combat | After a sea combat of broadside bombardments, cannon shooting, and maneuvering.
combat | A nightly curfew was required to combat the looting and maintain order in the community.
finance | in business administration and finance from the University of Maryland University College[2] in 1988.
survey | An underwater survey in December 1961 found extensive damage to Pier 16.
mandate | Its mandate is to play a proactive role of "think-tank" of the banking system.
finance | NIBM is also equipped with state-of-the-art statistical packages and databases, to facilitate advanced research on banking and finance.
finance | [3] They also conduct regular academic and practitioner-oriented conferences, on banking and finance.
finance | NIBM plays a very important role in capacity building of bank executives by offering training programmes in contemporary areas of banking and finance.
finance | This unique course enables the students to possess sound analytical foundation, innovative outlook and practical orientation to the nuances of banking and finance.
survey | "[10] In 2020, a CNN and Savanta ComRes survey revealed that, among many other findings, that around half of white people in the country believed there was a fair representation of ethnic minorities in film and television (while 17 percent of black British people agreed).
finance | A Capital gains tax was first introduced in Canada by Pierre Trudeau and his finance minister Edgar Benson in the 1971 Canadian federal budget.
combat | He served in the Waffen-SS (the combat branch of the SS) and participated in the Battle of France, Operation Barbarossa, and other engagements during World War II.
combat | [1][5] With this unit (which later became part of the Waffen-SS, the combat branch of the SS), Meyer took part in the annexation of Austria in 1938 and the 1939 occupation of Czechoslovakia.
combat | [13] In combat against the Red Army, Meyer and his unit also achieved some military successes,[14] while suffering the heaviest casualties among the LSSAH's battalions.
combat | Tirpitz was struck by a single Tallboy, which caused extensive damage to her bow and rendered her unfit for combat.
combat | [21] As a precaution in case Tirpitz was able to conduct combat operations, the battleship HMS King George V was diverted from an impending deployment to the Indian Ocean to reinforce the Home Fleet until its sole battleship, Duke of York, completed repairs.
survey | The immense power of Roger and the importance of the manor to him led to its transfer to his county of Shropshire some time soon after the Domesday survey.
mandate | [140] However, the abbot protected himself against complete loss by securing from the king on 18 September 1230 a mandate to the sheriff of Worcestershire to prevent his adversaries' demolishing his barns, which were full of seed corn.
finance | [156] The Calendar of the Patent Rolls has two entries for the initial gift, one a brief notice, dated 2 May 1337, of a licence that describes it as a gift in frankalmoin and intended to finance three canons who will celebrate mass daily in the abbey church for the royal family and Joan's own family.
mandate | [185] However five years later Bishop Giffard had to resort to a mandate to compel the abbot and convent actually to set aside an allowance for the vicar.
combat | William offered trial by combat but the court was apparently disposed to favour Serlo, who was given an opportunity to challenge the writ blocking his resort to a church court.
mandate | Ancud was the ship that, under an 1843 mandate of the President of Chile, Manuel Bulnes, claimed the Strait of Magellan on behalf of Chile's newly independent government, building Fort Bulnes.
combat | From the Iliad to Tolstoy and beyond, that familiar trope, "the fog of war," has been used to evoke the millennia–old experience of the radical uncertainty of combat.
combat | That incident occurred on 21 August and, on 3 November, D5 hit a floating mine while voyaging to combat the raid on Yarmouth.
combat | He went to the front with this regiment where he saw much combat and was injured many times in the next three years of the war.
combat | In Egypt, this has been shown to combat poor nutritional practices of mothers.
mandate | Premier Carter did not feel that he had a mandate to enter Confederation and called an election to allow the issue to be decided by the electorate.
combat | Conestoga's first combat action took place in September 1861 when she engaged CSS Jackson near Lucas Bend, Kentucky.
mandate | [9] Milićević automatically received a mandate.
finance | After working as political director of Etumba from 1975 to 1977,[6] Lopes was reappointed to the government as minister of finance on 5 April 1977;[9] he served in that position until Justin Lekoundzou was appointed to replace him in December 1980.
survey | In a survey done in the 1930s of a small town in Mississippi, 60 percent of respondents stated that lynching was an appropriate response to a case of rape and that it was necessary to maintain law and order and protect white women.
survey | [1] This led him to assume that the E version was merely an abridgment of the Turin manuscript, and he edited it only in an abridged form as part of his 1904 survey.
combat | [44][53] The last major Basmachi combat operation occurred In October 1933, when Junaid Khan's forces were defeated in the Karakum desert.
survey | During low tides in June and July 2009, survey and recording at Charlton, London, formerly the location of Castle's Shipbreakers Yard focused on the 'stack' of very large ships timbers surviving at the top of the foreshore which represent the remains of one or more warship class vessels.
survey | In November 2009, the first FROG-led project at Carrara Wharf in Fulham recorded part of the 1729 bridge to Putney, while a TDP survey earlier in the year on the foreshore in front of Fulham Palace found Iron Age timber piles.
survey | In July 2010, the TDP team and the FROG worked on the foreshore at the Tower of London, undertaking survey and recording of an area normally closed to the public.
survey | Sections of the riverside wall[15] were recorded and data collected to create a contour survey of the foreshore surface.
survey | SR 202 is maintained by the Washington State Department of Transportation (WSDOT), who conduct an annual survey on its highways to measure traffic volume in terms of average annual daily traffic.
mandate | The Airline Safety and Training Committee’s (AS&T) core mandate is to improve air safety, ensure that all safety complaints and investigations result in the improvement of safety levels, improve the working environment of the individual pilot considering environmental aspects and contribute to the development of prevention policies.
combat | In 1989, after a botched attempt at Daytona, Goodyear officially unveiled their new radial tires at North Wilkesboro Speedway to combat Hoosier's bias-ply tires.
finance | [3] Additionally, UBS professionals suffered more headcount reductions, particularly in the investment banking unit where there were heavy cuts in the corporate finance and equities businesses.
mandate | KPEJ-TV shut down its analog signal, over UHF channel 24, on June 12, 2009, the official date on which full-power television stations in the United States transitioned from analog to digital broadcasts under federal mandate.
survey | [7] She has served on the survey vessel HMS Scott,[8] and as head of logistics on HMS Ocean, the United Kingdom's helicopter carrier.
finance | After the dismantling of his country's Marxist–Leninist government, Czechoslovakia's conservative finance minister Václav Klaus declared in 1990: "We want a market economy without any adjectives.
combat | Pankration (/pænˈkreɪtiɒn, -ˈkreɪʃən/;[citation needed] Greek: παγκράτιον) was an unarmed combat sport introduced into the Greek Olympic Games in 648 BC.
combat | In that context, he accepted a challenge from one of Alexander's most skilled soldiers named Coragus to fight in front of Alexander and the troops in armed combat.
combat | By the Imperial Period, the Romans had adopted the Greek combat sport (spelled in Latin as pancratium) into their Games.
combat | [11] In 393 AD, the pankration, along with gladiatorial combat and all pagan festivals, was abolished by edict by the Christian Byzantine Emperor Theodosius I.
combat | When the pankratiasts fought standing, the combat was called Anō Pankration (ἄνω παγκράτιον, "upper Pankration");[n 2] and when they took the fight to the ground, that stage of pankration competition was called Katō pankration (κάτω παγκράτιον, "lower Pankration").
combat | While specific styles taught by different teachers, in the mode of Asian martial arts, cannot be excluded, it is very clear (including in Aristotle's Nicomachean Ethics) that the objective of a teacher of combat sports was to help each of his athletes to develop his personal style that would fit his strengths and weaknesses.
combat | Neo-pankration (modern pankration) was first introduced to the martial arts community by Greek-American combat athlete Jim Arvanitis in 1969 and later exposed worldwide in 1973 when he was featured on the cover of Black Belt magazine.
combat | The main task of the office is "to promote the organization of combat and operational training of troops, the construction and further development of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation, the development of the theory and history of military art, and the education of personnel.
combat | In the Swedish Armed Forces the inspector general (generalinspektör or truppslagsinspektör) was the highest official for a military branch or combat arm.
mandate | During the XXVII legislature of the Kingdom, Romita participated in the Aventine Secession and experienced the slow decline of the parliamentary mandate during the course of 1925.
mandate | He managed, despite the outbreak of the war, to establish a nucleus of socialists and even to refound a socialist executive in hiding, of which he was elected secretary with a mandate to take care of northern Italy.
combat | In the later 1970s, with the standoff between East and West a constant reality, Volkoff's writings analyzed the ideological combat between two opposing conceptions of the world and of freedom with a solid geopolitical background.
finance | Ministry of Finance of Nauru is a ministry in Nauru responsible for overseeing and coordinating effective management of public finance and resources in Nauru.
finance | [2] The ministry is led by minister of finance appointed by President of Nauru.
finance | The current minister of finance is Martin Hunt.
mandate | And as response to the international mandate calling for a single authority for securing all modes of transportation in the Philippines per the ICAO and IM0 guidelines, the President issued Executive Order No.
mandate | To effectively carry out its mandate of securing the transportation systems against terrorism, OTS was organized into three Transportation Security Bureaus – Civil Aviation Security Bureau (CASB), Maritime Transportation Security Bureau (MTSB) and Land Transportation Security Bureau (LTSB), together with three Support Bureaus - Intelligence and Operations Bureau (IOB), Administrative and Finance Bureau (AFB), and Legal and Planning Bureau (LPB).
imprint | It is no longer used as an imprint by FremantleMedia, the ultimate owners of Thames.
survey | "[5] Wettlaufer was one of the first archaeologists in Canada to use radiocarbon dating, successfully fought for a lab to be established in Western Canada at the University of Saskatchewan, and the first archaeologist in Saskatchewan to conduct an archaeological survey.
rampage | They were on a rampage stealing expensive eggs from an auction until Spider-Man arrives.
combat | As the Stark and Bolton armies prepare for battle, Jon and Ramsay parley, during which Jon offers to settle their differences with one-on-one combat and Ramsay offers Jon surrender terms, but both refuse.
survey | Also in 1930, Fedtschenko started organising botanists around Russia to survey plants and report their findings to create a national plant survey.
survey | A 2006 paper[1] provided a survey and critique of pregeometry or near-pregeometry proposals up to that time.
finance | It makes clear a number of metrics that previously had been difficult to calculate, such as the net public service pension liability, the Government’s commitments under private finance initiative (PFI) contracts, total provisions, and contingent liabilities.
finance | Examples such as critical mass, herd behaviour, groupthink and others, abound in sociology, economics, behavioral finance and anthropology.
